app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f14026b
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_checked = 0x7f130074
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f14038c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/leftToRight = 0x7f0a011e
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ShapeAppearance = 0x7f15007c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f140306
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_group_name = 0x7f1300a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.Divider = 0x7f14043b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f140137
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f14008a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f14038a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1402bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/CheckedTextView = 0x7f15001c
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_google_play_services_updating_text = 0x7f130037
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f140413
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1400d7
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0057
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/KeyFramesAcceleration = 0x7f150043
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/transition_position = 0x7f0a0222
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f1403b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.Colored = 0x7f1403d9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.DrawerLayout = 0x7f140366
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f140442
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1402be
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f14035c
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_text_button_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f1403e7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleSmall = 0x7f1401d3
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/TextInputLayout = 0x7f150090
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/open_sans_light = 0x7f09000b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f140101
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/bangers = 0x7f090002
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f140009
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_tertiary90 = 0x7f06021b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f14010e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog = 0x7f140286
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_track_outline_color = 0x7f0e00b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TonalButton = 0x7f14027f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/east = 0x7f0a00d3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f14041e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton.ShapeAppearance = 0x7f140440
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f150033
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Slider = 0x7f150080
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f14003a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleMedium = 0x7f1401e7
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/SignInButton = 0x7f15007f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Platform.AppCompat = 0x7f140130
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/AppBarLayout_Layout = 0x7f15000c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f140426
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_height = 0x7f070136
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Design.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f14031f
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f150078
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f140079
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Variant = 0x7f150096
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_cancel = 0x7f130087
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f14039d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline4 = 0x7f1401f2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f14008f
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/PopupWindow = 0x7f150071
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1400b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionContainer = 0x7f14031c
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/project_id = 0x7f1300b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f14036c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_icon_tint = 0x7f0600b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/jumpToStart = 0x7f0a0118
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_secondary_icon_color = 0x7f0e0012
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f14040b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Secondary = 0x7f140368
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1402c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_bottom = 0x7f070206
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/StateListDrawable = 0x7f150086
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f140073
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ThemeEnforcement = 0x7f150091
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_card_elevation = 0x7f07025f
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Carousel = 0x7f15001b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary80 = 0x7f0600ef
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f140102
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f140237
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1403a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1402f3
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_bottom = 0x7f070245
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f1403fd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1400a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/icon = 0x7f0a0105
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f140268
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tag_accessibility_heading = 0x7f0a01f7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f14037c
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/material_motion_path = 0x7f0b0025
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1403fe
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelSmall = 0x7f1401e1
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Icon.Elevated = 0x7f140357
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f1403f2
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/password_toggle_content_description = 0x7f1300b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1403f5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1402e8
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/pinkbackground = 0x7f08011f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mini = 0x7f0a0144
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_chip_corner_size = 0x7f070100
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1402d6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f140400
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/icon_content_description = 0x7f13004f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Compact = 0x7f14041a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_bottom_margin = 0x7f070214
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_handle_color = 0x7f0e00a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1402fe
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_path_data = 0x7f130055
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Text = 0x7f140145
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1403c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_handle_color = 0x7f0e00a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView = 0x7f140417
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title.Inverse = 0x7f1401aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1402ee
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f140310
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f140072
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_bar_root = 0x7f0a003d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Surface = 0x7f1403cf
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar = 0x7f1403d5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f140070
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f140326
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f0a015b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout.Secondary = 0x7f1403b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f14038f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f1403b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_google_play_services_unsupported_text = 0x7f130033
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/FloatingActionButton = 0x7f150034
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplayLarge = 0x7f1401c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/FragmentContainerView = 0x7f15003b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f14024d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1400f0
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Search.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1403a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_group_name = 0x7f130079
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/copy_toast_msg = 0x7f13003c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.AppBarLayout = 0x7f14032b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f140074
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f14041b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_timepicker_ok_button = 0x7f0a013e
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/material_chip_input_combo = 0x7f0d0041
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/datePickerTV = 0x7f0a00af
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1402ec
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineLarge = 0x7f1401dc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f14029e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f140249
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_handle_color = 0x7f0e0091
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x2 = 0x7f0701d3
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f080001
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/navigation_bar_item_small_label_view = 0x7f0a0169
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/transition_layout_save = 0x7f0a0221
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_cursor_inset = 0x7f0701ef
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.Colored = 0x7f140428
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Tertiary = 0x7f140378
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Assist = 0x7f140350
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MotionHelper = 0x7f150066
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_fab_icon_text_color_selector = 0x7f06026d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1402fb
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.HelperText = 0x7f14043c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/cut = 0x7f0a00ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f1403f8
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_choice_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f060269
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f140090
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/easeIn = 0x7f0a00d0
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/callMeasure = 0x7f0a0081
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f140283
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f1402cd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1402db
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f140274
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight = 0x7f14022a
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/custom_dialog = 0x7f0d0025
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/dragEnd = 0x7f0a00ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f070216
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled.Tonal = 0x7f14033f
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_next_month = 0x7f130082
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1400cf
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f080028
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/phone = 0x7f0a018c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Design.Snackbar = 0x7f140325
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f14035d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f14039f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f140200
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1400ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f14032f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f140384
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f14036d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar = 0x7f140331
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/KeyFrame = 0x7f150042
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f140338
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Button = 0x7f140438
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f1401ec
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Query = 0x7f14014a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView = 0x7f1403a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.LargeComponent = 0x7f14016d
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_gradient_blue = 0x7f0800bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f14024c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/peekHeight = 0x7f0a018a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1403c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Insets = 0x7f15003f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Badge = 0x7f140330
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f140293
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f07014b
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/SmoothCheckBox = 0x7f150081
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_elevation = 0x7f07011b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Animation.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f140008
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1402bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f14036e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1402fa
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/fill_vertical = 0x7f0a00e3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f1403e0
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f140099
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ChipGroup = 0x7f15001e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Design.AppBarLayout = 0x7f14031e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f140107
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_blue_grey_800 = 0x7f0601d6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f1401ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/SnackbarLayout = 0x7f150083
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Chip = 0x7f1400fb
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/flip = 0x7f0a00eb
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f14042e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f140316
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_non_touch = 0x7f0702de
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ImageFilterView = 0x7f15003e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown = 0x7f140315
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f140223
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1402fd
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e0054
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f1403f0
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_icon_color = 0x7f0e000f
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_tooltip = 0x7f0d001b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1402cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f140403
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/TabLayout = 0x7f15008c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Slider = 0x7f1403b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3 = 0x7f14026e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Design.TextInputLayout = 0x7f140328
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Suggestion.Elevated = 0x7f140359
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Transform = 0x7f150094
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f1402e3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f14040e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/multiply = 0x7f0a0163
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/labelVisibilityMode = 0x7f04024d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1402da
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/LoadingImageView = 0x7f15004d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f1402bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f140066
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat = 0x7f150007
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar.OnSurface = 0x7f1403c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f140272
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1400c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/parentPanel = 0x7f0a0181
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f14029a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_label = 0x7f0a0137
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f0d0058
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f14030e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1403c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f14029b
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Snackbar = 0x7f150082
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MotionTelltales = 0x7f15006a
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/parking_spaces = 0x7f1300b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1402c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1402d4
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height = 0x7f070087
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long2 = 0x7f0b0014
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/m3_side_sheet = 0x7f0a0128
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.SmallComponent = 0x7f14016a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1402cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/fastscroll_margin = 0x7f0700af
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/expanded_menu = 0x7f0a00df
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f150035
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date = 0x7f1402c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f14017f
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_handle_color = 0x7f0e00ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f14042b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f140312
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/skipCollapsed = 0x7f0a01d1
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f14019e
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/KeyPosition = 0x7f150045
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/notification_media_narrow_margin = 0x7f0702d0
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f07027a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f140003
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1402b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1402af
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MotionScene = 0x7f150069
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_google_play_services_notification_channel_name = 0x7f130030
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f140024
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/AppCompatEmojiHelper = 0x7f15000d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f140046
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_color = 0x7f0e0036
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ConstraintLayout_ReactiveGuide = 0x7f150029
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f140437
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary100 = 0x7f060136
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1400c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_end_margin = 0x7f0700dc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f1402e4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar = 0x7f1402ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f140433
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f1402c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Body.Text = 0x7f14011e
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate = 0x7f130053
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f14032e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral30 = 0x7f060111
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable = 0x7f0401bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/SearchView = 0x7f15007b
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/m3_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0d003e
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e0035
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/path_password_eye = 0x7f1300b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1400c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_clock_period_pm_button = 0x7f0a0133
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline1 = 0x7f1401ef
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f140424
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f14004b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f1403fa
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f140077
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/header_title = 0x7f0a00fe
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1400b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Filter = 0x7f1403ee
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f14029c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/SHIFT = 0x7f0a000b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f14028d
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialRadioButton = 0x7f150059
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f1400ed
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f140244
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout.Fullscreen = 0x7f140389
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored.Compact = 0x7f140419
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f140195
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_plate = 0x7f0a01b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_18 = 0x7f0a0021
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1400d6
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_pressed_outline_color = 0x7f0e003f
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/StateListDrawableItem = 0x7f150087
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Elevated = 0x7f14034c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplayMedium = 0x7f1401da
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f0c000a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f140407
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight = 0x7f14028a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark = 0x7f140289
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1400fe
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f140284
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.PersonalizedColors = 0x7f1402a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary30 = 0x7f0600dd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f140313
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_toolbar_collapse_description = 0x7f13001a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f14025f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f140259
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/text3_shape = 0x7f080127
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MenuGroup = 0x7f150060
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f140388
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/ghost_view = 0x7f0a00f3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1402cf
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.SearchView = 0x7f140301
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f14012f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_icon_size = 0x7f070118
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f140277
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_handle_color = 0x7f0e00b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f140380
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/RangeSlider = 0x7f150075
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ListPopupWindow = 0x7f15004c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f140318
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_action_menu_overflow_description = 0x7f130002
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/notification_tile_bg = 0x7f080115
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_overlay_color_alpha = 0x7f0702b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Chip = 0x7f15001d
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_day_abbr = 0x7f13009f
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_motion_easing_accelerated = 0x7f130064
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f140273
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Constraint = 0x7f150027
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f14024a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f14043a
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_timepicker_hour = 0x7f13006e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f140243
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/cardview_default_elevation = 0x7f070071
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_10 = 0x7f0a0019
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f14031b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1403d2
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/parkinglot_layout = 0x7f0d0075
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_hour_suffix = 0x7f130061
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/RadialViewGroup = 0x7f150074
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f14004e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton = 0x7f1402f6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f1401e4
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/blue_btn = 0x7f080080
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f14023c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/src_atop = 0x7f0a01e5
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_timepicker_confirm = 0x7f1300b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f14000a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelMedium = 0x7f1401e0
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ConstraintLayout_placeholder = 0x7f15002a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f14030d
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_unselected = 0x7f13008b
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl = 0x7f080071
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f14017a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1402fc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Light = 0x7f14022b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f14022c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f140225
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/googlesans_bolditalic = 0x7f090004
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/KeyCycle = 0x7f150041
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f140116
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f140219
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f140058
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f14020d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f140231
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet.DragHandle = 0x7f140337
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.Empty = 0x7f14020a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar.Legacy = 0x7f140333
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/material_motion_duration_short_2 = 0x7f0b0024
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f1401fe
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1400d0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/titleMarginBottom = 0x7f04046a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f0700e2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Title = 0x7f1401f8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog = 0x7f14007b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Elevated = 0x7f140355
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f070178
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_divider_thickness = 0x7f07010f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f140091
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0063
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView.Toolbar = 0x7f1403ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline2 = 0x7f1401f0
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Platform.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f14013d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleLarge = 0x7f1401e6
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_ripple_color = 0x7f0601d1
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/activity_dashboard = 0x7f0d001d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f14018e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationRail.ActiveIndicator.Shape = 0x7f140151
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_action_top_padding = 0x7f0700bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_search_view = 0x7f0d006e
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/GradientColor = 0x7f15003c
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_singlechoice = 0x7f0d0054
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1402ed
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.StateLayer.Shape = 0x7f140156
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f140075
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f14001e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info = 0x7f1401b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f14023b
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_unchecked = 0x7f1300ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_menu_space_shortcut_label = 0x7f13000f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineMedium = 0x7f1401cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f14003e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked = 0x7f0800ed
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton = 0x7f140279
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f1403d4
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_display_2_material = 0x7f070060
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f1403e3
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f15005e
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/BaseProgressIndicator = 0x7f150014
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1402d7
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070170
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplaySmall = 0x7f1401ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f140365
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text = 0x7f1402c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ratingbar_material = 0x7f08005d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_primary = 0x7f06015b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Primary = 0x7f1403cd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ChipGroup = 0x7f1403ef
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f1403bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/north = 0x7f0a0172
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1400c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f0701d1
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1400dc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Design.Suffix = 0x7f1401c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputLayout = 0x7f14039e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f140255
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Design.HelperText = 0x7f1401be
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_container_elevation = 0x7f070130
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f14022e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1402e5
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked = 0x7f0800ec
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.Light = 0x7f14028b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_fab_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0600ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Medium = 0x7f14015d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter = 0x7f1401bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_elevation = 0x7f070138
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu = 0x7f1403a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_secondary20 = 0x7f060207
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f140332
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Design.CollapsingToolbar.Expanded = 0x7f1401ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title = 0x7f1401b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f1401ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f140083
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f07012c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_focused_z = 0x7f07021e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/restaurant_icon = 0x7f080122
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/bottom_sheet_behavior = 0x7f130020
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f140050
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_calendar_input_mode = 0x7f1300a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/KeyTimeCycle = 0x7f150046
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/StateSet = 0x7f150088
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/select_dialog_listview = 0x7f0a01c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineMedium = 0x7f1401dd
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/staticLayout = 0x7f0a01ed
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_label_cutout_padding = 0x7f0702bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/showCustom = 0x7f0a01cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/embed = 0x7f0a00d8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f140196
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07016a
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate = 0x7f130058
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Fragment = 0x7f15003a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f14043f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f14018d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1402e1
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/character_counter_overflowed_content_description = 0x7f130027
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f1402ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f140390
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with = 0x7f130018
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f14043d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f14018b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f14009b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f140187
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Top = 0x7f140176
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f14000c
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_name = 0x7f13007a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f140183
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f14040d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar = 0x7f140261
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f14017d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f140044
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_height = 0x7f070079
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f1400ef
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/AppCompatImageView = 0x7f15000e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialAlertDialog.Material3 = 0x7f14017b
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/KeyAttribute = 0x7f150040
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f140443
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f070266
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textureHeight = 0x7f04044c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f140177
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f140227
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ViewTransition = 0x7f15009b
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_text_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0e00bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral99 = 0x7f0600cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Left = 0x7f140174
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents = 0x7f14016c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f140204
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label = 0x7f13000e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f14001c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_large_fab_size = 0x7f070180
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.MediumComponent = 0x7f140168
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f14021b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f140391
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Layout = 0x7f150048
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Small = 0x7f140166
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CardView = 0x7f1403e9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/ratingBarStyle = 0x7f040370
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/parking5 = 0x7f08011c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.None = 0x7f14015e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1400b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e005d
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/KeyFramesVelocity = 0x7f150044
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Search = 0x7f1402a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ButtonBarLayout = 0x7f150018
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_light = 0x7f0700b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.MagIcon = 0x7f14014c
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_selected = 0x7f130089
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/fastscroll_minimum_range = 0x7f0700b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e002a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon2 = 0x7f140149
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_calendar_year = 0x7f0d005f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f140022
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short4 = 0x7f0b001e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat = 0x7f140139
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.SubmenuArrow = 0x7f140144
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity = 0x7f0700b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.Track.Shape = 0x7f140157
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView.Prefix = 0x7f1403ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/strokeWidth = 0x7f0403d7
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_on_secondary = 0x7f06023b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f140409
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1402bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset = 0x7f0702db
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem = 0x7f140141
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f140136
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/default_activity_button = 0x7f0a00b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body2 = 0x7f1401eb
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Outlined = 0x7f140340
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f140135
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/floatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_input_text_opacity = 0x7f07013e
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ActionBarLayout = 0x7f150001
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0e004a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f14029d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f140300
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f140129
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/area_IV = 0x7f0a005e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f140055
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1400d5
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f0700da
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f14035f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_chip_text_size = 0x7f070262
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f1403b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText = 0x7f14007d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Icon = 0x7f140356
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f140387
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f140123
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/CardView = 0x7f140119
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e0092
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f140111
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f14010c
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/searchview_clear_text_content_description = 0x7f1300bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/line1 = 0x7f0a0121
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tabMode = 0x7f0a01f4
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/ic_empty_list = 0x7f0a0104
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.LargeComponent = 0x7f140167
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout.OnSurface = 0x7f140109
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_back = 0x7f0800b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/edit_query = 0x7f0a00d4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small = 0x7f140104
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_right = 0x7f0700f3
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0d0060
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/OnSwipe = 0x7f150070
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_minute_tv = 0x7f0a0139
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/dragUp = 0x7f0a00ce
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_checked = 0x7f130078
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_padding = 0x7f070233
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f0700b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_6sdp = 0x7f070018
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_view_scrim = 0x7f0a01bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelLarge = 0x7f1401df
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/grouping = 0x7f0a00fb
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon = 0x7f1402aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f1400ea
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral0 = 0x7f06010d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1403c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/bottom_sheet_slide_duration = 0x7f0b0003
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_clock_toggle_content_description = 0x7f13005e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused = 0x7f0800a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/NavigationBarView = 0x7f15006c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f140404
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/material_motion_duration_long_1 = 0x7f0b001f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_timepicker_button_text_color = 0x7f0601cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0e007f
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e007a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_inset = 0x7f0700eb
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_checked__0 = 0x7f080015
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f1400e7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f14037d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_size = 0x7f0702b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface_variant = 0x7f06017c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f140258
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_textfield_input_text_color = 0x7f0601c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_picker_title_text = 0x7f0a0161
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f140071
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/bottomsheet_action_expand = 0x7f130022
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_slider_range_end = 0x7f130069
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/tooltip_background_light = 0x7f0602ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f1400e6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f1401a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1400e5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f1400e4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f140242
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f1400e3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f1400df
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1400d2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f1403dc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f140043
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_filter_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0030
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/area_layout = 0x7f0d0021
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/PopupWindowBackgroundState = 0x7f150072
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f1400cd
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_clock_face_margin_top = 0x7f0701e5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f1400cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/path_password_strike_through = 0x7f1300b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_signin_button_text_long = 0x7f13003b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Small = 0x7f14015f
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked = 0x7f0800fe
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f14026a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f1401b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f140035
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/avd_show_password = 0x7f08007c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary100 = 0x7f0600e8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Filter = 0x7f140352
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f140411
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f1403ff
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tag_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f0a01f8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1400c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialAutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f150050
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f140435
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f14017c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1403ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1400c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_default_color_background = 0x7f060059
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/parking2 = 0x7f080119
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1400bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/material_motion_duration_short_1 = 0x7f0b0023
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ripple_effect = 0x7f080123
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time = 0x7f1401b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f1402ce
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1400b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f080005
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialTextView = 0x7f15005d
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e0045
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f140201
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/view_offset_helper = 0x7f0a0231
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long1 = 0x7f0b000f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f140297
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/pass_ET = 0x7f0a0186
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_container_shape = 0x7f0e001a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f1400ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f14002c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/south = 0x7f0a01d9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CardView = 0x7f1400fa
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f140226
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f1402ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/m3_tabs_rounded_line_indicator = 0x7f0800d9
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/TabItem = 0x7f15008b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodyLarge = 0x7f1401d6
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_small_family = 0x7f0e00cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f140364
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f140068
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_action_bar_title_item = 0x7f0d0000
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f1403d8
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_signin_button_text = 0x7f13003a
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/NavigationBarActiveIndicator = 0x7f15006b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f140034
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/city = 0x7f080093
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_switch_track_decoration_path = 0x7f1300ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f140056
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_confirm = 0x7f130088
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TonalButton.Icon = 0x7f14034a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f0600a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f02001c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f14028c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton = 0x7f14027a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f1403e6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1400a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral60 = 0x7f060114
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f140374
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f140105
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_timepicker_minute = 0x7f13006f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/text = 0x7f0a0202
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f14012b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/appcompat_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f07006d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/isLightTheme = 0x7f040226
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/customNavigationLayout = 0x7f04014f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f1401a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f14009d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f140189
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1402ea
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_viewport_size = 0x7f0b0034
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/container = 0x7f0a009f
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_icon_color = 0x7f0e0019
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0602a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/region_heightMoreThan = 0x7f040379
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar.Inverse = 0x7f1402f1
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/email = 0x7f0800ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f140344
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_size = 0x7f07026c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1400de
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f14002f
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ic_menu_overflow_material = 0x7f080046
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f14019a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f140098
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_height = 0x7f070052
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/arrowShaftLength = 0x7f040039
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material = 0x7f070022
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_30 = 0x7f0a002f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_secondary = 0x7f06016c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f140097
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/PropertySet = 0x7f150073
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f14008d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f14008c
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_suffix = 0x7f130081
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/fragment_user_profile = 0x7f0d003a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f140089
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f14007a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tag_window_insets_animation_callback = 0x7f0a0201
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/confirm_button = 0x7f0a009d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f140088
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/hide_bottom_view_on_scroll_behavior = 0x7f13004e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f140080
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/standard = 0x7f0a01e8
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_bar = 0x7f0a01ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Design.Hint = 0x7f1401bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/showTitle = 0x7f0a01cd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1400ce
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_surface = 0x7f060247
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f140414
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f1400ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/carryVelocity = 0x7f0a0086
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_surface_variant = 0x7f06024a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f140078
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Search.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1403a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/open_sans = 0x7f090009
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/layout_toolBar = 0x7f0a011c
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/include = 0x7f15009c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f14006c
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_out_of_range = 0x7f130094
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/path_password_eye_mask_strike_through = 0x7f1300b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f140291
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f1401e9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.Icon = 0x7f1403de
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar.Large = 0x7f140360
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f14005a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f140054
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding = 0x7f07023e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_25sdp = 0x7f07000e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_primary99 = 0x7f060133
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Suggestion = 0x7f140358
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton = 0x7f140343
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f140053
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f150052
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/phoneTV = 0x7f0a018d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/parent_matrix = 0x7f0a0183
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f140392
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f140051
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1400bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f14004d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1402d8
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f070272
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f14004c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f14006a
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/AppCompatTextView = 0x7f150011
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/aboutUS = 0x7f13001b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary80 = 0x7f06014a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/decelerate = 0x7f0a00b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f140047
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0056
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/notification_right_side_padding_top = 0x7f0702d2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/withText = 0x7f0a023b
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0c0004
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl = 0x7f080085
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f14003f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector = 0x7f060285
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f14008e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display = 0x7f14039a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f1402b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_timepicker_select_time = 0x7f130071
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V7.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1400b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f14003d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f14003b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight.ActionBar = 0x7f140269
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_minute_suffix = 0x7f130063
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_dark = 0x7f08004c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f0700ed
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f140036
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f14030f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f140292
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_outline_color = 0x7f0e0044
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/vehicleTV = 0x7f0a022f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f14000f
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/AppCompatTextHelper = 0x7f150010
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1400d9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f14002e
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_track_color = 0x7f0e00a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f1400f2
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_active_icon_color = 0x7f0e005f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f14002a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_primary60 = 0x7f0601fe
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f140023
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_secondary_container_color = 0x7f0e0011
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_hover_container_elevation = 0x7f070116
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_surface_container_color = 0x7f0e0013
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f140020
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1402e0
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f140082
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f140019
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f0701c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled = 0x7f0701f2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/textinput_helper_text = 0x7f0a0210
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/dateTimeTV = 0x7f0a00b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f140017
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/design_bottom_sheet = 0x7f0a00ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short3 = 0x7f0b001d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1400b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MotionEffect = 0x7f150065
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f140012
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.CardView = 0x7f14000e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/src_in = 0x7f0a01e6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f14035b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.HelperText = 0x7f14039c
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_checked = 0x7f080102
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/googlesans_mediumitalic = 0x7f090007
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationView = 0x7f14041c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1402a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1400c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f1400fc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f14005c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f140002
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral95 = 0x7f0600ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f140001
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f140000
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dark = 0x7f140282
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_fab_secondary_container_color = 0x7f0e001c
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ViewPager2 = 0x7f150099
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_unchecked = 0x7f13007e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f140199
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.NoActionBar = 0x7f140212
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_switch_track_path = 0x7f1300ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_save = 0x7f13009a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputLayout = 0x7f14043e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f140153
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f14037b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f14009f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f07020e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/googleg_disabled_color_18 = 0x7f0800b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary40 = 0x7f060146
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0602a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/staticPostLayout = 0x7f0a01ee
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_checked = 0x7f1300a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialDivider = 0x7f150058
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f0a0151
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_year_selection = 0x7f1300a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_day_selection = 0x7f1300a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Design.NavigationView = 0x7f140323
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_month_abbr = 0x7f1300a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_view_header_container = 0x7f0a01bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_start_hint = 0x7f13009e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1400d4
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_hint = 0x7f13009c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f14036b
app.developer.parkingspaces:plurals/mtrl_badge_content_description = 0x7f110000
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet = 0x7f1403ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionMode.Inverse = 0x7f1402f9
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/error_a11y_label = 0x7f13003f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f140402
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialTextAppearance = 0x7f15005c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ActionMode = 0x7f1400f8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f1403f9
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_start_date_description = 0x7f13009b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f140106
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat_Layout = 0x7f15004a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Chip.Assist = 0x7f140281
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0e0051
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/parking3 = 0x7f08011a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f140011
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_range = 0x7f130091
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_clock_number_text_size = 0x7f0701e9
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_use = 0x7f130090
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format = 0x7f13008e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f14025a
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_title = 0x7f13008a
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0e0095
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection = 0x7f130085
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/textSpacerNoTitle = 0x7f0a0206
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_content_description = 0x7f130080
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0026
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f140405
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_checked = 0x7f13007c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f140425
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/wrap_content_constrained = 0x7f0a0240
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_name = 0x7f130077
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Bridge = 0x7f14023a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f14002d
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_slider_range_start = 0x7f13006a
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f130066
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long1 = 0x7f0b0013
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_60sdp = 0x7f070017
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0b002c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_calendar_selection_frame = 0x7f0a0152
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_hour_24h_suffix = 0x7f13005f
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate = 0x7f13005b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button = 0x7f140278
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f130059
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f06002a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/cache_measures = 0x7f0a0080
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate = 0x7f130057
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/looking_for_a_parking = 0x7f130051
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/hello_blank_fragment = 0x7f13004d
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/google_app_id = 0x7f13004a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon = 0x7f140120
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter.Overflow = 0x7f1401bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_outline = 0x7f0601b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/month_navigation_bar = 0x7f0a0146
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout.Fullscreen = 0x7f14040a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/ignoreRequest = 0x7f0a010a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0701d7
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_end_hint = 0x7f13009d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f140444
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1402a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f14000b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f140013
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Body.Text = 0x7f140127
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialToolbar = 0x7f15005f
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_searchview_description_voice = 0x7f130017
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f1400cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f15002d
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_open_on_phone = 0x7f130039
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f0d0043
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_google_play_services_update_title = 0x7f130036
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_view_visible = 0x7f0b003a
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_google_play_services_update_text = 0x7f130035
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07014f
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_google_play_services_notification_ticker = 0x7f130031
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_google_play_services_install_title = 0x7f13002f
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_google_play_services_install_text = 0x7f13002e
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/SwitchMaterial = 0x7f15008a
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_handle_color = 0x7f0e009c
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_google_play_services_enable_button = 0x7f13002a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/maxHeight = 0x7f0402e8
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_surface = 0x7f060175
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/date_picker_button = 0x7f0a00b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Spinner = 0x7f150084
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/clear_text_end_icon_content_description = 0x7f130029
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomAppBar.Legacy = 0x7f140276
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/bottomsheet_drag_handle_content_description = 0x7f130025
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f140049
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/area = 0x7f13001f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f14007e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f1401f4
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f0700a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/pin = 0x7f0a018e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Design.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f140217
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/marquee = 0x7f0a0129
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat = 0x7f150049
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/orders_icon = 0x7f080117
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_large_component = 0x7f0702a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral50 = 0x7f0601e3
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb = 0x7f0800fd
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_searchview_description_query = 0x7f130014
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/CompoundButton = 0x7f150026
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f140028
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label = 0x7f13000d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f140270
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/character_counter_content_description = 0x7f130026
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f14006d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mainColorBlue = 0x7f0601d4
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/neverCompleteToStart = 0x7f0a016d
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_menu_function_shortcut_label = 0x7f13000c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f14040f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_disabled = 0x7f06025d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f140004
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_list_menu_item_checkbox = 0x7f0d000e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/special_effects_controller_view_tag = 0x7f0a01dc
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_track_color = 0x7f0e00aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f0601ea
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary = 0x7f060160
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label = 0x7f13000b
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_indeterminate = 0x7f0800e9
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label = 0x7f13000a
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label = 0x7f130009
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_badge = 0x7f0a01ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_start = 0x7f0a0160
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/visible_removing_fragment_view_tag = 0x7f0a0238
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f140314
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0c000f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0700c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/checkbox = 0x7f0a008f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1402ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/uniform = 0x7f0a022a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Platform.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f140131
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_capital_off = 0x7f130006
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all = 0x7f130004
app.developer.parkingspaces:mipmap/ic_launcher_round = 0x7f100001
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_clock_hand = 0x7f0a0130
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1400b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_timepicker_cancel_button = 0x7f0a013b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.DialogWindowTitleBackground.AppCompat = 0x7f140010
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tv_title_specific = 0x7f0a0228
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f140085
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/dependency_ordering = 0x7f0a00b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/fragment_booked_parking = 0x7f0d0036
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/textSpacerNoButtons = 0x7f0a0205
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/snapMargins = 0x7f0a01d8
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left = 0x7f070046
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1402b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_full_family = 0x7f0e00c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_sys_motion_path = 0x7f0e00c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f1403fc
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_outline_color = 0x7f0e0046
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/fragment_parking = 0x7f0d0039
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/AppBarLayoutStates = 0x7f15000b
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout = 0x7f150079
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_ref_typeface_plain_medium = 0x7f0e00c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_text_button_label_text_type = 0x7f0e00bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchView.FullScreen.Container.Shape = 0x7f140154
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_unselected_outline_color = 0x7f0e0009
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f14023e
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/status_bar_notification_info_maxnum = 0x7f0b003c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_elevation = 0x7f070263
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f14013c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f14003c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f1401fc
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e00ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1402e6
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f14006e
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_track_color = 0x7f0e00a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e009e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f080003
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_handle_color = 0x7f0e009d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_datepicker_elevation = 0x7f070173
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Title = 0x7f1401e2
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_slider_label_container_color = 0x7f0e008d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1400f3
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/material_time_chip = 0x7f0d004a
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_container_shape = 0x7f0e0085
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Text = 0x7f14014b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/disablePostScroll = 0x7f0a00c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_container_color = 0x7f0e0084
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e007d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/line3 = 0x7f0a0122
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/text_input_error_icon = 0x7f0a020c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintVertical_bias = 0x7f04027f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/HomeMenu = 0x7f0a0005
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_searchbar_text_size = 0x7f0701a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0e0079
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_height = 0x7f070113
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f060173
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f14019d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_18ssp = 0x7f07000a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.BottomAppBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f14014f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/priceTV = 0x7f0a0192
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_input_text_color = 0x7f0e0074
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Shortcut = 0x7f140143
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_error70 = 0x7f060108
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f060167
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/indeterminate = 0x7f0a0110
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_view_divider_color = 0x7f0e0072
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialShape = 0x7f15005a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary60 = 0x7f06013b
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e006c
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/bike = 0x7f08007f
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e006b
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_leading_icon_color = 0x7f0e006a
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_input_text_color = 0x7f0e0068
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_container_color = 0x7f0e0064
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/barrier = 0x7f0a0066
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_container_color = 0x7f0e005a
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0e0048
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_text_button_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00be
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e0055
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_outline_color = 0x7f0e0053
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_dynamic_highlighted_text = 0x7f0600a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ConstraintLayout_Layout = 0x7f150028
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0052
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e004f
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_input_text_color = 0x7f0e0049
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1400c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/parent = 0x7f0a0180
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/included = 0x7f0a010f
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_ref_typeface_brand_medium = 0x7f0e00bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_outline_color = 0x7f0e004e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f14005f
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_input_text_color = 0x7f0e0042
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_container_shape = 0x7f0e0041
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_caret_color = 0x7f0e0040
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_timepicker_container = 0x7f0a013c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f14001f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary99 = 0x7f060140
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral50 = 0x7f0600c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/BottomNavigationView = 0x7f150016
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_hover_outline_color = 0x7f0e003d
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0e003c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/design_menu_item_text = 0x7f0a00bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0037
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f1401a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_linear_progress_indicator_track_color = 0x7f0e0034
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/jumpToEnd = 0x7f0a0117
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f140335
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_clock_display_padding = 0x7f0701e3
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_input_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0032
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f140248
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_badge_numberless_content_description = 0x7f130073
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_input_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0e0031
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipSurfaceColor = 0x7f0400c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/list_item = 0x7f0a0125
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_error30 = 0x7f060104
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f140234
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e0029
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/textStart = 0x7f0a0207
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_container_color = 0x7f0e0027
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_view_container_surface_tint_layer_color = 0x7f0e0071
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0025
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_container_color = 0x7f0e0024
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode = 0x7f0d0016
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/off = 0x7f0a0176
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout = 0x7f140117
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0e0023
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_menu_list_item_selected_container_color = 0x7f0e0022
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_fab_tertiary_icon_color = 0x7f0e0021
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/currentState = 0x7f0a00a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_fab_tertiary_container_color = 0x7f0e0020
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_fab_secondary_icon_color = 0x7f0e001d
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_shape = 0x7f0e0018
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_tertiary_icon_color = 0x7f0e0016
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_unselected = 0x7f130099
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_tertiary_container_color = 0x7f0e0015
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button = 0x7f140339
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_surface_icon_color = 0x7f0e0014
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_calendar_main_pane = 0x7f0a0150
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0010
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_color = 0x7f0e000d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1400a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e0008
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_grey_600 = 0x7f060221
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_calendar_horizontal = 0x7f0d0059
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1400ff
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f0701c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_40sdp = 0x7f070013
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_primary10 = 0x7f060128
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.SearchBar.Outlined = 0x7f1403aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f140241
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/thumbColor = 0x7f040450
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/background_elevation = 0x7f08007d
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/KeyTrigger = 0x7f150047
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Slider.Label = 0x7f1403b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_error_icon_color = 0x7f0e0007
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerLarge = 0x7f040395
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f080013
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_container_color = 0x7f0e0003
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/never = 0x7f0a016b
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_container_color = 0x7f0e0004
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_assist_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0001
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0062
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_google_play_services_install_button = 0x7f13002d
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_assist_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0e0000
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/submit_area = 0x7f0a01f2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/navigation_bar_item_large_label_view = 0x7f0a0168
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_color = 0x7f0e0002
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_example = 0x7f13008f
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/select_dialog_singlechoice_material = 0x7f0d0078
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e005c
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/notification_action_tombstone = 0x7f0d0070
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f1401d4
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__2 = 0x7f080010
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_search_bar = 0x7f0d006d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1400af
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchView.Prefix = 0x7f1401e5
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_on_primary_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f06027a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid.Inverse = 0x7f1402ef
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1403d1
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f0d006a
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition = 0x7f150009
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1402a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton = 0x7f14033a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input = 0x7f140354
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/enter_nyour_info_n_amp_vehcial_n_model = 0x7f13003e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f140346
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/tooltip_vertical_padding = 0x7f0702dd
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_picker_actions = 0x7f0d0063
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_navigation_rail_item = 0x7f0d0062
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0d0061
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f0d005d
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_labeled = 0x7f0d005b
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_auto_complete_simple_item = 0x7f0d0055
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_item = 0x7f0d0052
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0066
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/material_timepicker_textinput_display = 0x7f0d004e
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_google_play_services_wear_update_text = 0x7f130038
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/material_timepicker_dialog = 0x7f0d004d
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ActionBar = 0x7f150000
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/fragment_home = 0x7f0d0038
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_list_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0d0010
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y1 = 0x7f0701d4
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/META = 0x7f0a0006
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/trans_square_button = 0x7f08012a
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0d0049
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/material_clockface_textview = 0x7f0d0046
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/textView = 0x7f0a0209
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/material_clock_period_toggle_land = 0x7f0d0045
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f140192
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/google_play_services_version = 0x7f0b0008
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/m3_side_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0d0040
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Chip = 0x7f140280
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/m3_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0d003d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline3 = 0x7f1401f1
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f0d0065
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/spacer = 0x7f0a01da
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/BOTTOM_END = 0x7f0a0001
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tag_unhandled_key_listeners = 0x7f0a0200
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/on = 0x7f0a0177
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_slider_value = 0x7f13006b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_go_btn = 0x7f0a01b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/design_navigation_item_subheader = 0x7f0d0031
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_btn_colored_text_material = 0x7f060007
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_radiobutton_ripple_tint = 0x7f0600bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/closest = 0x7f0a0099
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/design_navigation_item_separator = 0x7f0d0030
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f14018c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f1402e2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1400e2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f140228
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/design_navigation_item = 0x7f0d002e
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0d002d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1400da
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/design_layout_tab_icon = 0x7f0d002b
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_container_color = 0x7f0e007c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f1401fa
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/design_bottom_navigation_item = 0x7f0d0027
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_primary = 0x7f060174
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_launcher_background = 0x7f0800c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/notification_action_color_filter = 0x7f06028f
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/custom_dialog_layout_view = 0x7f0d0026
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton = 0x7f14033d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f140125
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/select_dialog_multichoice_material = 0x7f0d0077
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/booked_layout = 0x7f0d0022
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_mag_icon = 0x7f0a01b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.ExtraLarge = 0x7f140160
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1400a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/postLayout = 0x7f0a0190
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral10 = 0x7f06010e
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/activity_register = 0x7f0d0020
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_drag_handle_color = 0x7f0e0086
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f14001d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textInputOutlinedStyle = 0x7f040442
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorPrimary = 0x7f040104
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e009a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_primary20 = 0x7f0601fa
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorErrorContainer = 0x7f0400f2
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_pressed_z = 0x7f070229
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/showDelay = 0x7f0403a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_14sdp = 0x7f070005
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/content = 0x7f0a00a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult = 0x7f08005b
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light = 0x7f08009a
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/aboutus_popup_screen = 0x7f0d001c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TonalButton = 0x7f140349
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_select_dialog_material = 0x7f0d001a
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_list_menu_item_radio = 0x7f0d0011
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Design.Light = 0x7f140215
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_list_menu_item_icon = 0x7f0d000f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/month_grid = 0x7f0a0145
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tag_accessibility_clickable_spans = 0x7f0a01f6
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Badge = 0x7f150013
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents = 0x7f140126
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_expanded_menu_layout = 0x7f0d000d
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_view_container_color = 0x7f0e0070
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_tertiary = 0x7f06024b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_slider_active_tick_marks_color = 0x7f06024d
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0d000c
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_hour_selection = 0x7f130060
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/navigationIcon = 0x7f04032d
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_dark = 0x7f080058
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MockView = 0x7f150063
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f140298
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_cascading_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0d000b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f14038b
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view = 0x7f0d0006
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_action_mode_bar = 0x7f0d0004
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_action_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0d0002
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_action_bar_up_container = 0x7f0d0001
app.developer.parkingspaces:xml/image_share_filepaths = 0x7f160000
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationView = 0x7f1403a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate = 0x7f0c000c
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f0c000b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_handle_opacity = 0x7f070163
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/ifRoom = 0x7f0a0108
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/AppCompatTheme = 0x7f150012
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_view_gone = 0x7f0b0038
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Tooltip = 0x7f14016b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1400a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b0037
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.FilledButton.Container.Shape = 0x7f140150
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineSmall = 0x7f1401cd
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/start = 0x7f0a01e9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f140121
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Design.Tab = 0x7f1401c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_text_button_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/imageView = 0x7f0a010c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_close_btn = 0x7f0a01b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Clock = 0x7f140439
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Button = 0x7f140171
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/forever = 0x7f0a00ed
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_disabled = 0x7f06003e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_pressed_container_elevation = 0x7f070119
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_duration = 0x7f0b0032
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f14009a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Animation.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f140006
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection_none = 0x7f130086
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_motion_duration = 0x7f0b002f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/linear = 0x7f0a0123
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b002d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f07021a
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_with_icon_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0e0083
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/bottomsheet_drag_handle_clicked = 0x7f130024
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_calendar_header_orientation = 0x7f0b0029
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size = 0x7f07007f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_11 = 0x7f0a001a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f14033b
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b0028
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0b0027
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_primary100 = 0x7f060129
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/material_motion_duration_long_2 = 0x7f0b0020
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short1 = 0x7f0b001b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/progress_horizontal = 0x7f0a0196
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium2 = 0x7f0b0018
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/fab_transformation_scrim_behavior = 0x7f130042
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_fab_image_size = 0x7f07008e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_maximum_default_fullscreen_minor_axis = 0x7f070248
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_margin = 0x7f070086
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1400c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_container_shape = 0x7f0e0028
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long3 = 0x7f0b0015
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long4 = 0x7f0b0012
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0701ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f0601f2
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long3 = 0x7f0b0011
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_text = 0x7f0a004a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/chains = 0x7f0a008e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_background = 0x7f060157
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1403a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long2 = 0x7f0b0010
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1403c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Animation.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f140005
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f0b000e
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/design_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b0007
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f14030c
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/design_snackbar_text_max_lines = 0x7f0b0006
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/wrap = 0x7f0a023e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/wide = 0x7f0a023a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle1 = 0x7f1401f6
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/view_tree_view_model_store_owner = 0x7f0a0236
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/notification_top_pad = 0x7f0702d6
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/gone = 0x7f0a00f7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f14025e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineSmall = 0x7f1401de
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_view_toolbar = 0x7f0a01c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/view_tree_saved_state_registry_owner = 0x7f0a0235
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_color = 0x7f0e0017
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/right_icon = 0x7f0a019f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f140133
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f1401a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/useLogo = 0x7f0a022d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f140432
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Full = 0x7f140162
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/material_time_input = 0x7f0d004b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraSmall = 0x7f14015a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/unchecked = 0x7f0a0229
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/status_bar_notification_info_overflow = 0x7f1300bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tv_cancel = 0x7f0a0227
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary70 = 0x7f0600ee
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_16sdp = 0x7f070008
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/up = 0x7f0a022c
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b000b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/elevation = 0x7f040182
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cornerSizeBottomRight = 0x7f04013d
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ActionMode = 0x7f150004
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark = 0x7f140229
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tv_OK = 0x7f0a0226
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/design_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0d0029
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/extendStrategy = 0x7f0401a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_navigation_padding_bottom = 0x7f07009a
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e0058
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/triangle = 0x7f0a0225
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/bottomsheet_action_collapse = 0x7f130021
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/transition_current_scene = 0x7f0a0220
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/fallback_menu_item_share_link = 0x7f130046
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0e002c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/transitionToStart = 0x7f0a021f
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/m3_alert_dialog = 0x7f0d003c
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0e002b
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_divider_color = 0x7f0e000b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tag_unhandled_key_event_manager = 0x7f0a01ff
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f070176
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_harmonized_color_error = 0x7f060225
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f08000a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f0702a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/timePickerTV = 0x7f0a0215
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/app_name = 0x7f13001d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/textinput_error = 0x7f0a020f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0a020b
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_viewport_center_coordinate = 0x7f0b0033
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/snackbar_action = 0x7f0a01d5
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e0047
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f140193
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1400a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tag_screen_reader_focusable = 0x7f0a01fc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f140086
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tag_on_receive_content_mime_types = 0x7f0a01fb
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_value_index = 0x7f0a0140
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/stretch = 0x7f0a01f0
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/stop = 0x7f0a01ef
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ratingbar_indicator_material = 0x7f08005c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f140224
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/startVertical = 0x7f0a01ec
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/touch_outside = 0x7f0a021d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/startHorizontal = 0x7f0a01ea
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0c0006
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/FontFamilyFont = 0x7f150038
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f14012c
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0080
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/src_over = 0x7f0a01e7
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_mode_bar = 0x7f0a0047
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ConstraintOverride = 0x7f15002b
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_group_name = 0x7f130075
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Caption = 0x7f1401ed
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0e007b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/square = 0x7f0a01e4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f140170
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_action_bar_home_description = 0x7f130000
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/FontFamily = 0x7f150037
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_light = 0x7f0602a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f14020e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/spring = 0x7f0a01e3
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/spaces = 0x7f0a01db
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/slotTV = 0x7f0a01d4
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/TextInputEditText = 0x7f15008f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/signupBtn = 0x7f0a01cf
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout = 0x7f0d0012
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/shortcut = 0x7f0a01ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_display_3_material = 0x7f070061
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/sharedValueUnset = 0x7f0a01c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/sharedValueSet = 0x7f0a01c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f140250
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/row_index_key = 0x7f0a01a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.MaterialSwitch = 0x7f140363
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog = 0x7f0d004f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/rec = 0x7f0a0199
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/topPanel = 0x7f0a021c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/selected = 0x7f0a01c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item = 0x7f0d0007
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_dark = 0x7f0602a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/btn_radio_off_to_on_mtrl_animation = 0x7f080088
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_edit_frame = 0x7f0a01b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_view_status_bar_spacer = 0x7f0a01c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_view_root = 0x7f0a01be
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f15004b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_view_background = 0x7f0a01b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_src_text = 0x7f0a01b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_focused = 0x7f080096
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline = 0x7f060196
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/left = 0x7f0a011d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f1401a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/locationTV = 0x7f0a0126
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f140260
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/navigation_bar_item_active_indicator_view = 0x7f0a0164
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_bar_text_view = 0x7f0a01af
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Right = 0x7f140175
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/scrollable = 0x7f0a01ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/btn_background = 0x7f080082
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f140203
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/loginBtn = 0x7f0a0127
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f140118
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/scrollIndicatorUp = 0x7f0a01aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/scrollIndicatorDown = 0x7f0a01a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1402d2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f140266
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/scroll = 0x7f0a01a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_leading_icon_color = 0x7f0e0076
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/spread_inside = 0x7f0a01e2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/save_overlay_view = 0x7f0a01a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f140410
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/rightToLeft = 0x7f0a019e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/ratio = 0x7f0a0198
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f150020
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/profileSpinner = 0x7f0a0194
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/path = 0x7f0a0188
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Secondary = 0x7f140376
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/parkingRecyclerview = 0x7f0a0184
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/parentRelative = 0x7f0a0182
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_input_text_color = 0x7f0e0050
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/parallax = 0x7f0a017f
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_pressed = 0x7f0800ff
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/ownerNameTV = 0x7f0a017d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.ActionMode = 0x7f14032a
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_calendar_day = 0x7f0d0056
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Animation = 0x7f14011d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f140329
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/overshoot = 0x7f0a017b
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0e006f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/outward = 0x7f0a017a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f140406
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/notification_main_column_container = 0x7f0a0175
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f140209
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar = 0x7f1403c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f140067
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/normal = 0x7f0a0171
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ViewStubCompat = 0x7f15009a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/noState = 0x7f0a016f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/navigation_header_container = 0x7f0a016a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0a00bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary_container = 0x7f0601ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1400a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0b000c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/navigation_bar_item_labels_group = 0x7f0a0167
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_end = 0x7f0a015f
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label = 0x7f130010
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary0 = 0x7f060134
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/select_dialog_item_material = 0x7f0d0076
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_picker_header_title_and_selection = 0x7f0a015c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f1403a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/text2 = 0x7f0a0203
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f14042c
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/AppCompatSeekBar = 0x7f15000f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_motion_snapshot_view = 0x7f0a0158
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary70 = 0x7f060149
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_child_content_container = 0x7f0a0156
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f14028e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1402f0
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_bottom = 0x7f070185
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range = 0x7f0d006c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f070196
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/notification_right_icon_size = 0x7f0702d1
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f08000b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_31 = 0x7f0a0030
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_dropdown_arrow = 0x7f0800f1
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_calendar_day_selector_frame = 0x7f0a014d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/titleDividerNoCustom = 0x7f0a0218
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_year_description = 0x7f130093
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f140423
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/month_title = 0x7f0a014a
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MenuView = 0x7f150062
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/immediateStop = 0x7f0a010e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f0700d7
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_unchecked = 0x7f080103
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored = 0x7f140418
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0c0001
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_timepicker_view = 0x7f0a013f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1400be
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f1401b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0a013a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_minute_text_input = 0x7f0a0138
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_capital_on = 0x7f130007
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f140095
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/rectangles = 0x7f0a019a
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused = 0x7f08009f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f060151
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_hour_text_input = 0x7f0a0135
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f14021c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_clock_period_am_button = 0x7f0a0132
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_screen_toolbar = 0x7f0d0017
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1402ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_state_dragged_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701da
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_side_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f0701a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_clock_level = 0x7f0a0131
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f140065
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e0099
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e006d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Primary = 0x7f140367
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/ProfileMenu = 0x7f0a000a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f140303
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/trackThickness = 0x7f04048a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_clock_display = 0x7f0a012d
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label = 0x7f130008
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/material_clock_display = 0x7f0d0042
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1403f7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Animation.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f140007
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0090
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/match_constraint = 0x7f0a012b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult = 0x7f140026
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f070221
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_title = 0x7f130098
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/legacy = 0x7f0a011f
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_track_color = 0x7f0e0093
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1400a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/notification_bg_normal_pressed = 0x7f080111
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_handle_color = 0x7f0e0094
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/labeled = 0x7f0a0119
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_container_surface_tint_layer_color = 0x7f0e0065
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/item_touch_helper_previous_elevation = 0x7f0a0115
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/inward = 0x7f0a0113
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f140342
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/BottomSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f150017
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/CardView = 0x7f15001a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/invisible = 0x7f0a0112
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/time_picker_button = 0x7f0a0216
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f14010d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/homeAsUp = 0x7f0a0101
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_0 = 0x7f0a0017
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080076
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_background = 0x7f06018d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/groups = 0x7f0a00fc
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_drag_handle_bottom_padding = 0x7f0700d6
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked = 0x7f080104
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_primary_container = 0x7f0601aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/group_divider = 0x7f0a00fa
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material_anim = 0x7f080034
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_track_outline_color = 0x7f0e00b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_fab_corner_size = 0x7f07017c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/save_non_transition_alpha = 0x7f0a01a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/graph_wrap = 0x7f0a00f9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f140064
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/title_template = 0x7f0a0219
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/graph = 0x7f0a00f8
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/search_menu_title = 0x7f1300b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled.Tonal = 0x7f14027c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f1400e9
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f15004e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_disabled = 0x7f060043
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_5 = 0x7f0a0032
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/gif = 0x7f0a00f5
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_track_color = 0x7f0e00b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/aligned = 0x7f0a0051
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/fullscreen_header = 0x7f0a00f2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f140063
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/fullName = 0x7f0a00f1
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/frost = 0x7f0a00f0
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/fixed = 0x7f0a00ea
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ColorStateListItem = 0x7f150025
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_timepicker_display_ripple_color = 0x7f0601ce
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/enterAlwaysCollapsed = 0x7f0a00dc
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_clock_face = 0x7f0a012f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_elevation = 0x7f070112
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/endToStart = 0x7f0a00da
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/signOutButton = 0x7f0a01ce
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f140108
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f1400f9
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/end = 0x7f0a00d9
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/email = 0x7f0a00d6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintWidth_percent = 0x7f040286
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f0601cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1402a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/easeOut = 0x7f0a00d2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/easeInOut = 0x7f0a00d1
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/dropdown_menu = 0x7f0a00cf
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Design.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f140320
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/dragRight = 0x7f0a00cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f0e0087
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/dragDown = 0x7f0a00c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f1403e5
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/dragClockwise = 0x7f0a00c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialCheckBoxStates = 0x7f150057
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_horizontal_margin = 0x7f070289
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/dragAnticlockwise = 0x7f0a00c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_linear_in = 0x7f0c000e
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate = 0x7f0c0009
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f1401af
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/customDimension = 0x7f04014c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_error = 0x7f0601a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleMedium = 0x7f1401d2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/deltaRelative = 0x7f0a00b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f1400f6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Surface = 0x7f140371
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.Icon = 0x7f14033c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/dashboardHeader = 0x7f0a00ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/customPanel = 0x7f0a00aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal = 0x7f070190
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f1401f9
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_linear_progress_indicator_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e0033
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f140373
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/work_sans_bold = 0x7f090010
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary70 = 0x7f0600e1
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f14012a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level4 = 0x7f0701b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/reactiveGuide_animateChange = 0x7f040373
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f080002
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/custom = 0x7f0a00a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/cos = 0x7f0a00a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/coordinator = 0x7f0a00a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e006e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1402eb
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f0600d1
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f140084
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f0700db
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/clip_vertical = 0x7f0a0097
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/chronometer = 0x7f0a0091
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f140214
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/center_horizontal = 0x7f0a008a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/centerInside = 0x7f0a0089
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_container_shape = 0x7f0e001b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/buttonPanel = 0x7f0a007f
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/mtrl_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f020016
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Title = 0x7f140146
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_outline_variant = 0x7f060169
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/fade = 0x7f0a00e0
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/btn_bike = 0x7f0a007e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/month_navigation_next = 0x7f0a0148
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/rounded = 0x7f0a01a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/browser_actions_menu_items = 0x7f0a007b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f140211
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/coordinatorLayoutStyle = 0x7f040133
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/browser_actions_menu_item_text = 0x7f0a007a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/browser_actions_menu_item_icon = 0x7f0a0079
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f07012f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/bookingMenu = 0x7f0a0071
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1402df
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_track_color = 0x7f0e00b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.CheckedTextView = 0x7f14034f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/bookedRecyclerview = 0x7f0a0070
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_verticalBias = 0x7f0401dd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Filter.Elevated = 0x7f140353
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/notification_bg_normal = 0x7f080110
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/blocking = 0x7f0a006f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Window.Fullscreen = 0x7f140181
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/areaTitle_TV = 0x7f0a005d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f140408
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/areaRecyclerview = 0x7f0a005c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_22 = 0x7f0a0026
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav = 0x7f07001d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/areaDes_TV = 0x7f0a005b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_surface_outline = 0x7f060249
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f140198
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/elevationOverlayEnabled = 0x7f040185
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/month_navigation_previous = 0x7f0a0149
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_navigation = 0x7f0d005c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f140379
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/anticipate = 0x7f0a0059
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_switch_padding = 0x7f07005a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/animateToEnd = 0x7f0a0056
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_mode_bar_stub = 0x7f0a0048
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEasingStandardAccelerateInterpolator = 0x7f040317
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_bar_spinner = 0x7f0a003e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_bar_activity_content = 0x7f0a003b
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialButton = 0x7f150051
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemIconTint = 0x7f040231
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_small_component = 0x7f0702a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f140134
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/ghost_view_holder = 0x7f0a00f4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f14034b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_bar = 0x7f0a003a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumSize = 0x7f0400e6
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size = 0x7f070299
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/actionUp = 0x7f0a0039
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_primary50 = 0x7f0601fd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodyMedium = 0x7f1401d7
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/actionDownUp = 0x7f0a0038
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_9 = 0x7f0a0036
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/showText = 0x7f0403a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.SmallComponent = 0x7f14016f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1400e0
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_3 = 0x7f0a002e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_26 = 0x7f0a002a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_21 = 0x7f0a0025
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_20 = 0x7f0a0024
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_2 = 0x7f0a0023
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl = 0x7f080083
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_30sdp = 0x7f070011
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.NavigationView.Item = 0x7f140178
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/checked = 0x7f0a0090
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/dimensions = 0x7f0a00c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_13 = 0x7f0a001c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fontProviderPackage = 0x7f0401e7
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_12 = 0x7f0a001b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accelerate = 0x7f0a0015
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_text_button_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f0601c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/UserNameTxt = 0x7f0a0012
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/TOP_START = 0x7f0a0011
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f140206
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/SYM = 0x7f0a000f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f140309
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tag_accessibility_actions = 0x7f0a01f5
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/SHOW_PROGRESS = 0x7f0a000e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_medium = 0x7f07029b
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_extra_small_family = 0x7f0e00c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/SHOW_PATH = 0x7f0a000d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/SHOW_ALL = 0x7f0a000c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_textfield_filled_background_color = 0x7f0601c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f1400ee
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/m3_avd_hide_password = 0x7f0800d1
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/Parking = 0x7f0a0008
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f140420
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/waveDecay = 0x7f0404a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/scrollView = 0x7f0a01ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/config_tooltipAnimTime = 0x7f0b0005
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/FUNCTION = 0x7f0a0004
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010019
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/CTRL = 0x7f0a0003
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_handle_color = 0x7f0e0098
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_7 = 0x7f0a0034
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MenuItem = 0x7f150061
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_card_view_ripple = 0x7f060263
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/layout_progress_dialog = 0x7f0d003b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/ALT = 0x7f0a0000
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Primary = 0x7f1402b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface = 0x7f060192
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_searchview_description_search = 0x7f130015
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/chain = 0x7f0a008c
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_track_color = 0x7f0e0096
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__1 = 0x7f08001d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/citySpinner = 0x7f0a0094
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/visible = 0x7f0a0237
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelLarge = 0x7f1401ce
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_medium_family = 0x7f0e00ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f0601f6
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_frame = 0x7f0a0154
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/open_sans_semibold = 0x7f09000c
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/googlesans_medium = 0x7f090006
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1402b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/autoCompleteToStart = 0x7f0a0064
app.developer.parkingspaces:array/com_google_android_gms_fonts_certs_prod = 0x7f030002
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_25 = 0x7f0a0029
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/waveOffset = 0x7f0404a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/dialog_button = 0x7f0a00bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f140182
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialCalendarItem = 0x7f150054
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/whatsapp_logo = 0x7f08012b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f140031
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080074
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f1403f3
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/tooltip_frame_dark = 0x7f080128
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_tab_text_size = 0x7f0700a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0e008f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f140027
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_google_play_services_enable_text = 0x7f13002b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f0600d6
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/straight_dottedline = 0x7f080125
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/parking6 = 0x7f08011d
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/parking1 = 0x7f080118
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/isMaterial3Theme = 0x7f040228
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.MediumComponent = 0x7f14016e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/limitBoundsTo = 0x7f04029c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/shapeAppearanceMediumComponent = 0x7f040399
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/color_unchecked = 0x7f040116
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/notify_panel_notification_icon_bg = 0x7f080116
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f14023f
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/bottomsheet_action_expand_halfway = 0x7f130023
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material = 0x7f070020
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/notification_template_icon_low_bg = 0x7f080114
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/notification_template_icon_bg = 0x7f080113
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1400a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/navigation_empty_icon = 0x7f08010a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_pressed = 0x7f060045
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_elevation = 0x7f07018d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf = 0x7f040275
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_switch_track_decoration = 0x7f080108
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed = 0x7f080101
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked = 0x7f080100
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemTextAppearanceActive = 0x7f040243
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background = 0x7f0800fb
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/m3_btn_elevated_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f020009
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_ic_indeterminate = 0x7f0800f9
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_ic_checkbox_checked = 0x7f0800f6
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MotionLabel = 0x7f150067
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_ic_check_mark = 0x7f0800f5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintCircleAngle = 0x7f040263
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_clear_black_24 = 0x7f0800bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_timepicker_mode_button = 0x7f0a013d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_background = 0x7f060172
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DayNight.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f140285
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary_container = 0x7f060182
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_dialog_background = 0x7f0800f0
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/side_sheet_behavior = 0x7f1300be
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_down_black_24dp = 0x7f0800e3
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_panel_menu_list_width = 0x7f070050
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_right_black_24dp = 0x7f0800e2
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface = 0x7f06023d
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/material_ic_clear_black_24dp = 0x7f0800dd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/paddingTopNoTitle = 0x7f040346
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/m3_tabs_background = 0x7f0800d7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Design.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f140216
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/setsTag = 0x7f040391
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_track_opacity = 0x7f070165
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary90 = 0x7f0600fd
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/m3_selection_control_ripple = 0x7f0800d6
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/design_fab_background = 0x7f0800a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipBackgroundColor = 0x7f0400b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/m3_popupmenu_background_overlay = 0x7f0800d4
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/googlesans_italic = 0x7f090005
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_alert_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0d000a
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/lightblue_btn = 0x7f0800ce
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_send_black = 0x7f0800cd
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary95 = 0x7f06014c
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_end_selected = 0x7f130095
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_black = 0x7f0800c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f080036
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/iv_whatsapp = 0x7f0a0116
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary50 = 0x7f06013a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/subtitleCentered = 0x7f0403e0
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_launcher_foreground = 0x7f0800c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_keyboard_black_24dp = 0x7f0800c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f140434
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/m3_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f020010
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_primary30 = 0x7f0601fb
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__2 = 0x7f080014
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_delete_white = 0x7f0800bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemPaddingTop = 0x7f040236
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_cart_black = 0x7f0800ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f140251
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary50 = 0x7f0600df
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/circularflow_viewCenter = 0x7f0400cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/home_icon = 0x7f0800b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/green_btn = 0x7f0800b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_motion_easing_decelerated = 0x7f130065
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/carousel_touchUp_velocityThreshold = 0x7f04009e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/dialogue_box = 0x7f0800ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/design_password_eye = 0x7f0800ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_baseline_restaurant_menu_24 = 0x7f0800b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f1401f7
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/design_ic_visibility_off = 0x7f0800aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/dark = 0x7f0a00ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/bottom = 0x7f0a0072
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light = 0x7f0800a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_disabled = 0x7f0800a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_choice_chip_background_color = 0x7f060268
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/triggerSlack = 0x7f040495
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/right = 0x7f0a019d
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal_background = 0x7f0800a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView.Inverse = 0x7f1402f5
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ClockHandView = 0x7f150022
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark = 0x7f08009e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal_background = 0x7f08009d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_button_container_elevation = 0x7f070110
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f140235
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark = 0x7f080095
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_full_open_on_phone = 0x7f080094
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/m3_radiobutton_ripple = 0x7f0800d5
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_width = 0x7f0700d2
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/carts_icon = 0x7f08008f
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0e00b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_tertiary60 = 0x7f060218
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary = 0x7f06018e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineLarge = 0x7f04041e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary = 0x7f060187
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/car3 = 0x7f08008d
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialCheckBox = 0x7f150056
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/btn_radio_on_to_off_mtrl_animation = 0x7f08008a
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/TextAppearance = 0x7f15008d
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080075
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/matrix = 0x7f0a0141
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080073
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_text_cursor_material = 0x7f08006f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_lastVerticalStyle = 0x7f0401d9
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_star_half_black_48dp = 0x7f08006a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleLarge = 0x7f1401d1
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_seekbar_thumb_material = 0x7f080064
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_on_error_container = 0x7f060238
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f14038e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080063
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/telltales_tailScale = 0x7f04040b
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005 = 0x7f080061
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000 = 0x7f080060
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08005f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/methodName = 0x7f0402f1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material = 0x7f07001f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/constraint = 0x7f0a009e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult = 0x7f08005a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/firstBaselineToTopHeight = 0x7f0401be
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light = 0x7f080057
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f060062
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark = 0x7f080056
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light = 0x7f080055
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark = 0x7f080054
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_span = 0x7f0b002b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface_variant = 0x7f06023f
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_dark = 0x7f080052
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_insetEdge = 0x7f040291
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/parking7 = 0x7f08011e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cornerFamily = 0x7f040135
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_list_focused_holo = 0x7f080050
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f140092
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f1401ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/transformPivotTarget = 0x7f04048d
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ic_voice_search_api_material = 0x7f08004b
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium1 = 0x7f0b0017
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_primary70 = 0x7f0601ff
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tickColorActive = 0x7f04045c
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080042
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ic_clear_material = 0x7f080041
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/tooltip_frame_light = 0x7f080129
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_harmonized_color_on_error_container = 0x7f060228
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_dialog_material_background = 0x7f08003d
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/default_web_client_id = 0x7f13003d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_slider_halo_color = 0x7f06024f
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_control_background_material = 0x7f08003c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_clock_display_height = 0x7f0701e2
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08003b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height = 0x7f070241
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ratingbar_small_material = 0x7f08005e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary0 = 0x7f0600e6
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_material = 0x7f08003a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorPrimaryVariant = 0x7f040109
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070146
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/expandedHintEnabled = 0x7f04019f
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012 = 0x7f080038
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f1402c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f080035
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material = 0x7f080033
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f0700ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_dark_default_color_on_error = 0x7f06004f
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_btn_colored_material = 0x7f080031
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_btn_check_material = 0x7f08002d
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0e003a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_linear_progress_indicator_active_indicator_height = 0x7f070135
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f1403db
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_pressed__0 = 0x7f080029
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_size = 0x7f07025c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f140179
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080026
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled = 0x7f14033e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_checked__0 = 0x7f080025
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__2 = 0x7f080021
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_tabs_text_color = 0x7f0601bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f08001f
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_text_input_mode = 0x7f1300a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_size = 0x7f070293
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCalendarStyle = 0x7f0402cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f080019
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__2 = 0x7f080018
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/View = 0x7f150097
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/customIntegerValue = 0x7f04014e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__1 = 0x7f080017
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f140308
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080012
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/cancel_button_image_alpha = 0x7f0b0004
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_button_material = 0x7f07005d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f1401ff
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1402ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_indeterminate__0 = 0x7f080011
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/percentX = 0x7f040354
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f080000
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_touch = 0x7f0702df
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold = 0x7f0702dc
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/decelerateAndComplete = 0x7f0a00b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/checkbox = 0x7f080090
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/onInterceptTouchReturnSwipe = 0x7f0a0178
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1403fb
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/tooltip_margin = 0x7f0702da
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/design_navigation_view = 0x7f0a00be
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/notification_small_icon_background_padding = 0x7f0702d3
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/notification_large_icon_height = 0x7f0702cd
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_transition_shared_axis_slide_distance = 0x7f0702c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_error_container = 0x7f0601a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_ic_error = 0x7f0800f8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/toggleCheckedStateOnClick = 0x7f040474
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_padding = 0x7f0702c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_searchbar_outlined_stroke_width = 0x7f07019e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minWidth = 0x7f0702c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minHeight = 0x7f0702c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ic_search_api_material = 0x7f08004a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_width = 0x7f070053
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1400f7
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/x_left = 0x7f0a0241
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_arrowSize = 0x7f0702c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_primary99 = 0x7f060203
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1402c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/notification_main_column_padding_top = 0x7f0702cf
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary40 = 0x7f060139
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f07027e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_textinput_start_icon_margin_end = 0x7f0702c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_textinput_end_icon_margin_start = 0x7f0702bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_card_ripple_color = 0x7f060090
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_small = 0x7f0702ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceLabelLarge = 0x7f040421
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_switch_text_padding = 0x7f0702b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/checkboxStyle = 0x7f0400a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/abc_tooltip_exit = 0x7f01000b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_message_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0702b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e009f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f0702ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabSecondaryStyle = 0x7f040402
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked = 0x7f0800ef
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_slider_widget_height = 0x7f0702ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Platform.MaterialComponents = 0x7f140132
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface_inverse = 0x7f06023e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_side_padding = 0x7f0702ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_action_mode_done = 0x7f130003
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_radius = 0x7f0702aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialDivider = 0x7f140395
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary99 = 0x7f06014d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_square_side = 0x7f0702a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_radius = 0x7f070298
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/design_navigation_menu = 0x7f0d0032
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_small = 0x7f070297
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_navigation_icon_padding = 0x7f070094
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet.Modal = 0x7f1403af
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_searchbar_elevation = 0x7f07019a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/noScroll = 0x7f0a016e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBottomOf = 0x7f04025d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_bottom_margin = 0x7f070292
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_24 = 0x7f0a0028
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_17 = 0x7f0a0020
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_margin = 0x7f070291
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ic_ab_back_material = 0x7f08003f
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/NavigationRailView = 0x7f15006d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_error40 = 0x7f060105
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f1401a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/trackDecorationTint = 0x7f040487
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_navigation_bar_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0600b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f140042
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f070290
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/browser_actions_context_menu_page = 0x7f0d0023
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f130052
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f07028d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_harmonized_color_on_error = 0x7f060227
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f140018
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/position = 0x7f0a018f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_compact_width = 0x7f07028c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f070225
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_active_text_size = 0x7f07028b
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f08000f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_toolbar_default_height = 0x7f0702c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_vertical_margin = 0x7f07028a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_top = 0x7f070246
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070286
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0402bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_goneMarginEnd = 0x7f04028c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_icon_size = 0x7f070283
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipSpacingVertical = 0x7f0400bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary99 = 0x7f0600e5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1401b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f070274
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/material_timepicker = 0x7f0d004c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintWidth_default = 0x7f040283
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_base = 0x7f070273
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_divider_thickness = 0x7f0701f1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding_icon = 0x7f070271
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/srcCompat = 0x7f0403c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/fragment_container_view_tag = 0x7f0a00ef
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f070270
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1402d9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_text_spacing = 0x7f07026d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_scrollFlags = 0x7f040296
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_tabs_text_color_secondary = 0x7f0601c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f07026a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceTitleMedium = 0x7f040431
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding_icon = 0x7f07026b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/snackbar_text = 0x7f0a01d6
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f070268
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_end = 0x7f070207
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/design_ic_visibility = 0x7f0800a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_offset = 0x7f070264
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cardCornerRadius = 0x7f04008e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/hint_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f0700b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f06025c
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/androidx_startup = 0x7f13001c
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/activity_main = 0x7f0d001f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_vertical_padding = 0x7f070259
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight = 0x7f140238
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_card_dragged_z = 0x7f0700f8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight = 0x7f140221
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_height = 0x7f070257
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dialogTheme = 0x7f040161
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline_variant = 0x7f060197
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top = 0x7f070254
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom_fullscreen = 0x7f070251
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/startIconMinSize = 0x7f0403c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_dark_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f060050
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_chip_pressed_translation_z = 0x7f070261
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorTertiary = 0x7f040112
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_button_disabled_container_elevation = 0x7f070111
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom = 0x7f070250
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f07024f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f140429
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/add_item_icon = 0x7f08007a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_height = 0x7f07024c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f0600b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_vertical_padding = 0x7f07024a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f07023d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/viewTransitionMode = 0x7f04049f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_width = 0x7f07023b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_today_stroke = 0x7f070239
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f0600ce
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/counterclockwise = 0x7f0a00a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070238
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_corner = 0x7f070236
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_bottom_padding = 0x7f070234
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/unlabeled = 0x7f0a022b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f07022b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f140240
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_top = 0x7f070228
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/prefixTextColor = 0x7f040363
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEffect_move = 0x7f04031c
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_bottomsheet_drag_handle = 0x7f0800e5
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070220
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f14040c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_corner_radius = 0x7f070219
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f070215
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_badge_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f07020b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_textinput_outline_box_expanded_padding = 0x7f0702c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_top = 0x7f070209
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f140230
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_height = 0x7f070203
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/error_icon_content_description = 0x7f130040
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_fab_ripple_color = 0x7f06026e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_textinput_min_width = 0x7f070202
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_textinput_max_width = 0x7f070201
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_textinput_default_width = 0x7f070200
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_input_text_to_prefix_suffix_padding = 0x7f0701ff
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/autoCompleteToEnd = 0x7f0a0063
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/disableHome = 0x7f0a00c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f140191
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_textinput_hovered_box_stroke_color = 0x7f06028e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f0701fe
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_tabs_icon_color_secondary = 0x7f0601bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f140271
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceBodySmall = 0x7f040412
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_helper_text_default_padding_top = 0x7f0701fc
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/mock_showLabel = 0x7f0402fc
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_badge_with_text_radius = 0x7f070212
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_font_1_3_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f0701fa
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_translation_z_hovered = 0x7f0700f7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/guidelineUseRtl = 0x7f0401f4
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color = 0x7f06006d
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f13001e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_bottom = 0x7f0701f6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Design.Placeholder = 0x7f1401c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f0702af
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_hovered_z = 0x7f07021f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_1sdp = 0x7f07000b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_clock_size = 0x7f0701ee
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/color_unchecked_stroke = 0x7f040117
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/car = 0x7f0a0083
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_width = 0x7f0701ed
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/pinkShade = 0x7f060291
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f0601ef
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_horizontal_gap = 0x7f0701eb
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/lastBaselineToBottomHeight = 0x7f04024e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_clock_hand_stroke_width = 0x7f0701e8
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_height = 0x7f070145
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_height = 0x7f0702ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_clock_hand_padding = 0x7f0701e7
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_clock_hand_center_dot_radius = 0x7f0701e6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipIcon = 0x7f0400b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_timepicker_display_stroke_width = 0x7f0701de
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f140362
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark = 0x7f06000d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_state_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701dd
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_state_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701dc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Panel = 0x7f140122
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_padding = 0x7f0702a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f14042a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f0701d9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y2 = 0x7f0701d5
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/notification_action_background = 0x7f08010b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x1 = 0x7f0701d2
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f0701d0
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_track_color = 0x7f0e00b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/placeholder_emptyVisibility = 0x7f04035b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceBody2 = 0x7f04040f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonIconTintMode = 0x7f040086
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0701ce
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y1 = 0x7f0701cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/baseline_bookmark_add_24 = 0x7f08007e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x1 = 0x7f0701ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemShapeInsetBottom = 0x7f04023b
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/m3_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020012
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_text_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0601c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0701c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/initialActivityCount = 0x7f040224
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEasingStandardInterpolator = 0x7f040319
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/parking4 = 0x7f08011b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y2 = 0x7f0701c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1403c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f06011b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x2 = 0x7f0701c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x1 = 0x7f0701c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Surface = 0x7f140369
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/toggle = 0x7f0a021a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f0701bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/carousel_previousState = 0x7f04009b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f0701b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f06005e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level3 = 0x7f0701b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f14009e
app.developer.parkingspaces:array/preloaded_fonts = 0x7f030003
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/navigationViewStyle = 0x7f040331
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level1 = 0x7f0701b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_screen_simple = 0x7f0d0015
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceLabelMedium = 0x7f040422
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level0 = 0x7f0701b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_snackbar_margin = 0x7f0701af
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/block_IV = 0x7f0a006d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_chip_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f070101
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/height = 0x7f0401f8
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_small_fab_max_image_size = 0x7f0701ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f0701ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_calendar_vertical = 0x7f0d005e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_simple_item_color_selected_alpha = 0x7f0701a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material = 0x7f070028
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_simple_item_color_hovered_alpha = 0x7f0701a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_letter_spacing = 0x7f070223
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f14026c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/toolbarSurfaceStyle = 0x7f040478
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_dark_default_color_primary = 0x7f060053
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f140436
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_bottom = 0x7f0701f8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/toolbarStyle = 0x7f040477
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_searchview_height = 0x7f0701a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f0a015d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_searchview_elevation = 0x7f0701a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl = 0x7f080070
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_handle_opacity = 0x7f07015b
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/CoordinatorLayout_Layout = 0x7f15002e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_searchbar_margin_vertical = 0x7f07019d
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/m3_side_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010025
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_searchbar_height = 0x7f07019b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_tabs_icon_color = 0x7f0601bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f070198
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__0 = 0x7f08001c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/compat_control_corner_material = 0x7f070078
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f140345
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/useCompatPadding = 0x7f040498
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_bottom = 0x7f070193
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_scrollInterpolator = 0x7f040297
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_icon_width = 0x7f070045
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/barrierAllowsGoneWidgets = 0x7f040056
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/poppins_regular = 0x7f09000e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodyLarge = 0x7f1401c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_secondary = 0x7f0601b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary0 = 0x7f0600d9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_min_height = 0x7f070192
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_menu_headline_horizontal_padding = 0x7f07018b
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_fab_surface_icon_color = 0x7f0e001f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_icon_size = 0x7f0700c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_item_vertical_padding = 0x7f070189
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_elevation = 0x7f070269
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_end = 0x7f070186
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_divider_heavy_thickness = 0x7f070174
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07016f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/view_tree_lifecycle_owner = 0x7f0a0233
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07016e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/material_cursor_drawable = 0x7f0800db
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_handle_opacity = 0x7f070166
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/titleCollapseMode = 0x7f040467
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_side_sheet_standard_elevation = 0x7f0701a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0c0005
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionTextColorAlpha = 0x7f040024
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorButtonNormal = 0x7f0400ec
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_max_width = 0x7f070224
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f140100
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabIconTint = 0x7f0403ef
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_icon_opacity = 0x7f070164
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal = 0x7f08009c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_view_dummy_toolbar = 0x7f0a01bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_with_leading_icon_leading_icon_size = 0x7f070162
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f07022e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f070160
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_container_height = 0x7f07015e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/track = 0x7f040481
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_prev_month = 0x7f130083
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_standard_container_elevation = 0x7f070159
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_corner = 0x7f070256
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_arrow_back_black_24 = 0x7f0800b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070156
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_slider_label_label_text_color = 0x7f0e008e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/selectableItemBackgroundBorderless = 0x7f04038e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f070197
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070155
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f13005d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_height = 0x7f070154
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_full_screen_header_container_height = 0x7f070153
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_docked_header_container_height = 0x7f070152
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/percentHeight = 0x7f040352
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/background = 0x7f040044
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070150
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceDisplaySmall = 0x7f040417
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070115
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/cardview_dark_background = 0x7f060036
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/hideable = 0x7f0a00ff
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_container_height = 0x7f07014e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_icon_opacity = 0x7f070167
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_avatar_size = 0x7f07014c
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_track_outline_color = 0x7f0e0097
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/vertical_only = 0x7f0a0230
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_view_divider = 0x7f0a01ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_large_material = 0x7f070064
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/m3_avd_show_password = 0x7f0800d2
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070149
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/notification_large_icon_width = 0x7f0702ce
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/allowStacking = 0x7f04002c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_divider_height = 0x7f070147
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_outline_width = 0x7f070141
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_supporting_text_opacity = 0x7f070140
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1403f6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Primary = 0x7f140375
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_label_text_opacity = 0x7f07013f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/password_toggle = 0x7f0a0187
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_radius = 0x7f0700ce
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f140093
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1400bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_button_disabled_outline_opacity = 0x7f07013c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_28sdp = 0x7f07000f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/constraint_referenced_tags = 0x7f04011f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_menu_container_elevation = 0x7f07013b
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_post_morphing_duration = 0x7f0b0030
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f080024
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/iconTint = 0x7f040211
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_width = 0x7f070139
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_width = 0x7f070137
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_flat_unselected_outline_width = 0x7f07012e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/customColorDrawableValue = 0x7f04014a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f07012d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f1401a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_dark_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f060052
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_container_height = 0x7f07012b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_calendar_frame = 0x7f0a014f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_icon_size = 0x7f070120
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused = 0x7f060044
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_highlighted_text = 0x7f0600b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f14042d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070171
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_filled_button_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f070129
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCalendarHeaderToggleButton = 0x7f0402c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_icon_size = 0x7f070126
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f0600d0
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_pressed_container_elevation = 0x7f070123
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_23 = 0x7f0a0027
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_hover_container_elevation = 0x7f07011e
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_expand_spec = 0x7f020020
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/customReference = 0x7f040151
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f0d0068
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07011d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_fab_elevation = 0x7f070276
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/gcm_defaultSenderId = 0x7f130048
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070117
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/TOP_END = 0x7f0a0010
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_focus_container_elevation = 0x7f070114
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/compat_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f070077
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_elevation = 0x7f07028e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0701c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_circular_progress_indicator_active_indicator_width = 0x7f07010e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_slider_inactive_track_height = 0x7f07015d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_5sdp = 0x7f070016
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_container_opacity = 0x7f07010d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1402e9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f140033
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/currentState = 0x7f040147
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f07010a
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_selected = 0x7f130097
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f070107
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_container_height = 0x7f070106
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_chip_hovered_translation_z = 0x7f070104
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_material = 0x7f08006d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_card_stroke_width = 0x7f0700fe
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium3 = 0x7f0b0019
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_card_elevation = 0x7f0700fc
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0700f5
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_with_avatar_avatar_size = 0x7f070133
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0700f4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/shapeCornerFamily = 0x7f04039c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f14037a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.NoActionBar = 0x7f14021f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f140401
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f1402a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_padding_top = 0x7f0700f0
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary80 = 0x7f06013d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0700ef
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f140232
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0700ee
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f14022f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f07027c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_icon_padding = 0x7f0700e9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f070255
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_elevation = 0x7f0700e4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialDivider = 0x7f140416
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1403be
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/design_layout_tab_text = 0x7f0d002c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/maxVelocity = 0x7f0402eb
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08006e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_emphasis_medium = 0x7f0701f5
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0700e1
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/find_parking_near_you = 0x7f130047
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/darkgreen = 0x7f060048
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f0700dd
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f0700d9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layoutDescription = 0x7f040251
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/boxBackgroundMode = 0x7f040071
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f0601ee
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_width = 0x7f07026f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f0700d8
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_top = 0x7f0700d4
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_unchecked = 0x7f13007b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_bottom = 0x7f0700d3
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f0600cf
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_height = 0x7f0700d0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/counterOverflowTextAppearance = 0x7f040142
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Support.CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f140446
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_vertical_offset = 0x7f0700cf
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_list_item_height_small_material = 0x7f07004e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tag_on_receive_content_listener = 0x7f0a01fa
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0700cd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.NavigationView = 0x7f14029f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintGuide_percent = 0x7f04026a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_badge_radius = 0x7f0700cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/month_navigation_fragment_toggle = 0x7f0a0147
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_switch_track_viewport_width = 0x7f0b0036
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/arcMode = 0x7f040037
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_appbar_size_medium = 0x7f0700c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/subMenuArrow = 0x7f0403d9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_horizontal = 0x7f0701fd
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_appbar_size_large = 0x7f0700c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e00a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/exposed_dropdown_menu_content_description = 0x7f130041
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_large = 0x7f0700c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger = 0x7f0700c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_title_bottom_margin = 0x7f0700c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_day_of_week_column_header = 0x7f13008c
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f0800ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_elevation = 0x7f0700be
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_corner_size = 0x7f0700bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ActionMenuView = 0x7f150003
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/subheaderInsetStart = 0x7f0403dc
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity = 0x7f0700ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_small_material = 0x7f070068
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_fab_shadow_mid_color = 0x7f060068
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f0700b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f14041f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/hint_alpha_material_light = 0x7f0700b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010018
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/actionDown = 0x7f0a0037
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_start = 0x7f070208
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_chip_icon_size = 0x7f070105
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_light = 0x7f0700b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f14017e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_colored = 0x7f0700b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f070089
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/checkboxselected = 0x7f080092
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f0700ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_textinput_caption_translate_y = 0x7f0700ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f140138
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_input_text_type = 0x7f0e0069
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_bottom_padding = 0x7f07024b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCalendarHeaderTitle = 0x7f0402c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/passwordToggleTintMode = 0x7f04034f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical = 0x7f0700a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Entry = 0x7f1403ed
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/searchview_navigation_content_description = 0x7f1300bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/backgroundSplit = 0x7f04004b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_size = 0x7f07020f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_snackbar_min_width = 0x7f0700a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/elastic = 0x7f0a00d5
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_fab_border_width = 0x7f07008c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_snackbar_elevation = 0x7f07009f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_height = 0x7f070237
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f07009e
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_search_view = 0x7f0d0019
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width = 0x7f07009c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_translation_z_base = 0x7f0700f6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1403ce
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate = 0x7f0c000d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_navigation_max_width = 0x7f070099
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f140431
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_navigation_item_vertical_padding = 0x7f070098
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceHeadline4 = 0x7f04041b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f070091
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipSpacingHorizontal = 0x7f0400bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1402d3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f14001a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min = 0x7f07008b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width = 0x7f070083
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0a0134
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/right_side = 0x7f0a01a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f070082
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet = 0x7f140336
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_picker_header = 0x7f0a015a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToConstraintSet = 0x7f040375
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width = 0x7f07007d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEasingLinear = 0x7f040314
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_prepend_shortcut_label = 0x7f130011
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_text_input_padding_top = 0x7f070253
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f14037f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_appbar_elevation = 0x7f07007c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/west = 0x7f0a0239
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f140304
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/def_drawer_elevation = 0x7f07007b
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e004c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/compat_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f070075
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf = 0x7f040266
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/clock_face_margin_start = 0x7f070073
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_action_bar_item_background_material = 0x7f08002b
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialSwitch = 0x7f15005b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/browser_actions_context_menu_min_padding = 0x7f07006f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/displayOptions = 0x7f040162
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_text_size = 0x7f070088
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f140382
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/browser_actions_context_menu_max_width = 0x7f07006e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar = 0x7f07006a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f070175
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle = 0x7f04007e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_medium = 0x7f0702b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f140186
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_15sdp = 0x7f070007
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/screen = 0x7f0a01a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_chip_assist_text_color = 0x7f060094
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_material = 0x7f070067
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/abc_config_activityShortDur = 0x7f0b0001
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_header_material = 0x7f070066
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f060258
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/barLength = 0x7f040055
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/honorRequest = 0x7f0a0102
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textBackgroundPanY = 0x7f040435
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_appbar_size_compact = 0x7f0700c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f140246
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_headline_material = 0x7f070063
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_display_4_material = 0x7f070062
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/highlighted_text_material_light = 0x7f06007e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/beginning = 0x7f0a0069
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3 = 0x7f14011c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_display_1_material = 0x7f07005f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_body_1_material = 0x7f07005b
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_elevated_button_container_color = 0x7f0e000c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textInputFilledStyle = 0x7f04043e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_button_background_color_selector = 0x7f060088
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_star_medium = 0x7f070058
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/mtrl_linear = 0x7f0c0010
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_star_big = 0x7f070057
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f14002b
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy = 0x7f130056
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material = 0x7f070056
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_20sdp = 0x7f07000d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material = 0x7f070054
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_light = 0x7f08004d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_small = 0x7f07029f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f07004f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_list_item_height_large_material = 0x7f07004c
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f08000d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_top_material = 0x7f07004a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1402b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/applyMotionScene = 0x7f040036
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060071
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEffect_translationX = 0x7f04031f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right = 0x7f070047
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f1400f1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070043
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/btn_radio_off_mtrl = 0x7f080087
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/nestedScrollViewStyle = 0x7f040333
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_top_material = 0x7f070041
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f1403b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_major = 0x7f07003e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title = 0x7f07003d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/x_right = 0x7f0a0242
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons = 0x7f07003c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_primary0 = 0x7f060127
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1400dd
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor = 0x7f07003b
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/abc_slide_out_top = 0x7f010009
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor = 0x7f070039
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_control_padding_material = 0x7f070036
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_config_prefDialogWidth = 0x7f070033
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f1403d0
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width = 0x7f070032
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e00b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_slider_halo_color = 0x7f060152
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomAppBar = 0x7f140275
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_picker_background_inset = 0x7f07020a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height = 0x7f07002c
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_minute_selection = 0x7f130062
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_action_button_min_height_material = 0x7f070029
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_default_color_surface = 0x7f060065
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f070195
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_action_bar_elevation_material = 0x7f070021
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f140015
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_caption_material = 0x7f07005e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_tertiary0 = 0x7f060211
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_8sdp = 0x7f07001b
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_background = 0x7f0800fa
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_70sdp = 0x7f070019
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_35sdp = 0x7f070012
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_2sdp = 0x7f070010
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_timepicker_button_stroke = 0x7f060254
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_18sdp = 0x7f070009
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/block_TV = 0x7f0a006e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/rectangular_blue_btn = 0x7f080121
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_150sdp = 0x7f070006
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_minor = 0x7f07003f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_chip_background_color = 0x7f060264
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_10ssp = 0x7f070002
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_10sdp = 0x7f070001
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/transparent = 0x7f0602ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/tooltip_background_dark = 0x7f0602ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f14005b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.ExtraSmall = 0x7f140161
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f0602a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001 = 0x7f080037
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/ripple_material_light = 0x7f06029f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_dark_default_color_on_background = 0x7f06004e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_switch_thumb_icon_tint = 0x7f060280
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/no_files_found = 0x7f1300b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/half_circle = 0x7f0a00fd
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/ripple_material_dark = 0x7f06029e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_list_divider_material = 0x7f08004e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/red_ripple = 0x7f06029d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fabOffsetEndMode = 0x7f070213
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/purple_500 = 0x7f06029b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f140039
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_switch_thumb_tint = 0x7f060155
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0c0002
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/purple_200 = 0x7f06029a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/shortcutMatchRequired = 0x7f04039d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/allStates = 0x7f0a0053
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_confirm_button_min_width = 0x7f070231
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f140114
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/switchStyle = 0x7f0403ea
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/primary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f060297
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/checkedIconTint = 0x7f0400ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/primary_material_dark = 0x7f060294
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0c0003
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral90 = 0x7f060117
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/primary_dark_material_light = 0x7f060293
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/autoSizeMinTextSize = 0x7f04003f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f140381
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_textinput_focused_box_stroke_color = 0x7f06028d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_textinput_filled_box_default_background_color = 0x7f06028c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_textinput_disabled_color = 0x7f06028b
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_indeterminate = 0x7f130076
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_switch_track_decoration_tint = 0x7f060282
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_scrim_color = 0x7f06027f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f070031
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/state_error = 0x7f0403ce
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f06027e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked = 0x7f0800ea
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_medium_component = 0x7f0702a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material = 0x7f070024
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_card_elevated_hovered_z = 0x7f0700fb
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_outlined_stroke_color = 0x7f06027d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f060126
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/marginHorizontal = 0x7f0402b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:raw/firebase_common_keep = 0x7f120000
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_outlined_icon_tint = 0x7f06027c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_on_surface_ripple_color = 0x7f06027b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material = 0x7f060006
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_tint = 0x7f060275
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f060274
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dayTodayStyle = 0x7f040156
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_extended_fab_icon_padding = 0x7f070177
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0d0051
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_unselected_outline_width = 0x7f070132
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ForegroundLinearLayout = 0x7f150039
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/btn_radio_on_mtrl = 0x7f080089
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral100 = 0x7f0601df
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_down = 0x7f0800f2
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_chip_surface_color = 0x7f060266
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080047
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelMedium = 0x7f1401cf
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_chip_close_icon_tint = 0x7f060265
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/percentY = 0x7f040355
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textBackgroundRotate = 0x7f040436
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary_container = 0x7f06019f
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__2 = 0x7f08001e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_medium = 0x7f07029e
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/fragment_open_enter = 0x7f020007
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0700e6
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_calendar_selected_range = 0x7f060261
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_picker_dialog = 0x7f0d0064
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.InternalGroup = 0x7f140142
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/collapsedTitleTextColor = 0x7f0400e3
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_btn_transparent_bg_color = 0x7f06025f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_btn_stroke_color_selector = 0x7f06025a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_top = 0x7f070194
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_1 = 0x7f0a0018
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f060259
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/transitionPathRotate = 0x7f040491
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/scale = 0x7f0a01a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/collapsedTitleGravity = 0x7f0400e1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_extra_small = 0x7f070295
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070096
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/car = 0x7f08008b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07011f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_timepicker_clockface = 0x7f060256
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fontStyle = 0x7f0401ea
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_timepicker_button_background = 0x7f060253
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07016d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_4 = 0x7f0a0031
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_chip_elevated_elevation = 0x7f070103
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f060252
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/mock_labelColor = 0x7f0402fa
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/title = 0x7f040465
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/startIconCheckable = 0x7f0403c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_menu_elevation = 0x7f070181
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_slider_inactive_tick_marks_color = 0x7f060250
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_menu_divider = 0x7f0a0045
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/SideSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f15007e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_card_dragged_z = 0x7f07025e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_surface_inverse = 0x7f060248
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f0701c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_secondary = 0x7f060245
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1403b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_primary_container = 0x7f060243
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_on_tertiary = 0x7f060240
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_textfield_search_material = 0x7f080077
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_on_error = 0x7f060237
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf = 0x7f040261
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_elevated_btn_elevation = 0x7f0700e3
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_error_container = 0x7f060235
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/SharedValueId = 0x7f040001
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_disabled = 0x7f080099
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_background = 0x7f060233
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_on_surface_stroke = 0x7f060232
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f060230
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070157
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f1401e3
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_grey_900 = 0x7f060224
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_icon_color = 0x7f0e0005
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b000d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material = 0x7f070048
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f07017a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_grey_850 = 0x7f060223
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_btn_borderless_material = 0x7f08002c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_outline = 0x7f060168
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/ownerInfo_RL = 0x7f0a017c
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_popup_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0d0013
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_slider_halo_radius = 0x7f0702a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_grey_300 = 0x7f06021f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_tertiary99 = 0x7f06021d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cornerFamilyTopRight = 0x7f040139
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_error50 = 0x7f060106
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Design.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f140321
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_tertiary20 = 0x7f060214
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f140397
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplayLarge = 0x7f1401d9
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary_container = 0x7f060191
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_picker_header_dialog = 0x7f0d0066
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y2 = 0x7f0701cd
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_tertiary100 = 0x7f060213
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_badge_max_character_count = 0x7f0b0026
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08004f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_secondary99 = 0x7f060210
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_secondary90 = 0x7f06020e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_secondary60 = 0x7f06020b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/transitionShapeAppearance = 0x7f040492
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_secondary0 = 0x7f060204
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton = 0x7f1403e1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/tooltip_corner_radius = 0x7f0702d8
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0059
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_primary95 = 0x7f060202
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_primary90 = 0x7f060201
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/disableIntraAutoTransition = 0x7f0a00c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_primary80 = 0x7f060200
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_primary100 = 0x7f0601f9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f070218
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_search_black_24 = 0x7f0800cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_elevation = 0x7f070285
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_textfield_indicator_text_color = 0x7f0601c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1400b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/app_bar_elevation_anim_duration = 0x7f0b0002
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/constraint_referenced_ids = 0x7f04011e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_primary10 = 0x7f0601f8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f14010b
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/fragment_close_exit = 0x7f020004
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/bounceEnd = 0x7f0a0076
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral0 = 0x7f0600bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_elevation = 0x7f0702b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/btn_aboutUs = 0x7f0a007d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1403ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_primary0 = 0x7f0601f7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f1402d1
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/adjust_height = 0x7f0a004e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabIndicatorGravity = 0x7f0403f6
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f0601f5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/passwordToggleEnabled = 0x7f04034d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_major = 0x7f070038
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/primary_dark_material_dark = 0x7f060292
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1403d3
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/BottomAppBar = 0x7f150015
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f0601eb
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.Material3.Search = 0x7f140041
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/primary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f060296
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral60 = 0x7f0601e4
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_timepicker_dialog_buttons_margin_top = 0x7f070205
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral40 = 0x7f0601e2
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/checkbox_selector = 0x7f080091
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_primary_container = 0x7f0601b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral30 = 0x7f0601e1
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraLarge = 0x7f140159
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral0 = 0x7f0601dd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.ChipGroup = 0x7f14035a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/spline = 0x7f0a01df
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_deep_teal_500 = 0x7f0601db
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dialogCornerRadius = 0x7f04015f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplaySmall = 0x7f1401db
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_deep_teal_200 = 0x7f0601da
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_blue_grey_900 = 0x7f0601d7
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_text_color = 0x7f0601d2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/ProfileImageView = 0x7f0a0009
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface = 0x7f0601b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_timepicker_display_text_color = 0x7f0601d0
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/path_password_eye_mask_visible = 0x7f1300b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/autoCompleteTextViewStyle = 0x7f04003c
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/profile_icon = 0x7f080120
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionPathRotate = 0x7f040324
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cornerSizeTopRight = 0x7f04013f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_timepicker_display_background_color = 0x7f0601cd
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MotionLayout = 0x7f150068
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_timepicker_button_background_color = 0x7f0601c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_searchview_divider_size = 0x7f0701a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionBarSplitStyle = 0x7f040006
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_modal_container_elevation = 0x7f070158
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_tabs_ripple_color_secondary = 0x7f0601be
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_secondary_text_material_dark = 0x7f060015
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_primary = 0x7f0601b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Primary = 0x7f14036f
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e005e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary = 0x7f0601af
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_surface_variant = 0x7f0601ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/lightOrange = 0x7f060082
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_tab_text_size_2line = 0x7f0700aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_surface = 0x7f0601ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/collapseContentDescription = 0x7f0400de
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/design_menu_item_action_area_stub = 0x7f0a00bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_floating_window_z = 0x7f07004b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_background = 0x7f0601a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_card_elevated_dragged_z = 0x7f0700f9
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_surface = 0x7f0601a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_error_container = 0x7f0601a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_background = 0x7f0601a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/browser_actions_bg_grey = 0x7f06002f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f140254
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary_container = 0x7f06019b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f060195
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/cardview_default_radius = 0x7f070072
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/view_transition = 0x7f0a0232
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/perpendicularPath_percent = 0x7f040356
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface_variant = 0x7f060193
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary = 0x7f060190
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Secondary = 0x7f140370
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary_container = 0x7f06018f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_15 = 0x7f0a001e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionButtonStyle = 0x7f04000d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_primary = 0x7f06018b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_button = 0x7f0a01b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1400db
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f06018a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_tab_max_width = 0x7f0700a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_background = 0x7f060189
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingEnd = 0x7f0402ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipStrokeColor = 0x7f0400c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary = 0x7f060183
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f140305
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f140220
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_on_background_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f06022a
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_start_selected = 0x7f130096
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080016
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline = 0x7f06017f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_verticalGap = 0x7f0401de
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary10 = 0x7f060142
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f06017e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f060057
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_container_height = 0x7f070121
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060029
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary = 0x7f060170
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_variant = 0x7f06016f
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/bottomnavi_pinkbackground = 0x7f080081
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_primary_text_material_light = 0x7f060010
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f070275
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f14004a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_primary_container = 0x7f06016b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f14007c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f14010f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_primary = 0x7f06016a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline_variant = 0x7f060180
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary = 0x7f060166
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/material_clockface_view = 0x7f0d0047
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface_variant = 0x7f060165
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface = 0x7f060164
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary_container = 0x7f060163
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f0601f1
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral20 = 0x7f0601e0
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary = 0x7f060162
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f080020
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary_container = 0x7f060161
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_selection_control_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f06014f
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal = 0x7f080097
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_error = 0x7f06015e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/spinnerStyle = 0x7f0403b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_surface = 0x7f06015c
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_picker_header_title_text = 0x7f0d0069
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_body_2_material = 0x7f07005c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_elevated_chip_background_color = 0x7f0600ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/title = 0x7f0a0217
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/center_vertical = 0x7f0a008b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_progress_indicator_full_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f0702a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f06015a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Design.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f140324
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDurationLong4 = 0x7f040305
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_200sdp = 0x7f07000c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_switch_track_tint = 0x7f060156
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_with_leading_icon_leading_icon_size = 0x7f070134
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f060153
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintTop_creator = 0x7f04027c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface = 0x7f060185
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_to_checked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f080086
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral40 = 0x7f0600c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_simple_item_ripple_color = 0x7f060150
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/bottomInsetScrimEnabled = 0x7f04006b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/compat_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f070074
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/SwitchCompat = 0x7f150089
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary90 = 0x7f06014b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/fadegray = 0x7f060077
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/notification_icon_bg_color = 0x7f060290
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary60 = 0x7f060148
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout.OnSurface = 0x7f1403b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary50 = 0x7f060147
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f1403f1
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Filled = 0x7f14034d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary30 = 0x7f060145
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/notification_main_column = 0x7f0a0174
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f14025d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary100 = 0x7f060143
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary0 = 0x7f060141
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionBarTabStyle = 0x7f040009
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_slider_inactive_track_height = 0x7f0701aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/textEnd = 0x7f0a0204
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary90 = 0x7f06013e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f14004f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/iconPadding = 0x7f04020e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f08000c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout.Secondary = 0x7f14010a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_elevation = 0x7f070080
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary20 = 0x7f060137
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1402f7
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/RecyclerView = 0x7f150077
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_min_touch_target_size = 0x7f070282
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary10 = 0x7f060135
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/darkblue_btn = 0x7f0800a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/closeItemLayout = 0x7f0400dd
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f060288
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_chip_close_icon_content_description = 0x7f13007f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionTarget = 0x7f040327
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_primary80 = 0x7f060130
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f07022d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/useMaterialThemeColors = 0x7f04049a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_error_container = 0x7f060159
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_primary70 = 0x7f06012f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_search_url_text_normal = 0x7f060012
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_primary30 = 0x7f06012b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/sliderStyle = 0x7f0403b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f06011e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral70 = 0x7f060115
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_input_text_color = 0x7f0e004d
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_check_path_merged_animation = 0x7f010010
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar = 0x7f140441
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral40 = 0x7f060112
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f140205
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f14035e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f140239
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f060154
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorPrimarySurface = 0x7f040108
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral20 = 0x7f060110
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/switchPadding = 0x7f0403e9
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral100 = 0x7f06010f
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_pressed = 0x7f1300ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate = 0x7f0c0008
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_on_background = 0x7f060236
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_error95 = 0x7f06010b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemActiveIndicatorStyle = 0x7f04022a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled_background = 0x7f0701f3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f140290
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary_container = 0x7f060199
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_error80 = 0x7f060109
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f060289
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_error60 = 0x7f060107
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_input_text_type = 0x7f0e0075
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_secondary_container = 0x7f06016d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_height_material = 0x7f07001e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f070097
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/fill = 0x7f0a00e1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fontProviderCerts = 0x7f0401e4
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary99 = 0x7f0600ff
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_12ssp = 0x7f070004
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/primary_material_light = 0x7f060295
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary100 = 0x7f0600f5
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/italic = 0x7f0a0114
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_bar_subtitle = 0x7f0a003f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary0 = 0x7f0600f3
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/floatingActionButtonLargePrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f08002f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/browser_actions_header_text = 0x7f0a0078
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeStyle = 0x7f0401c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/indeterminateAnimationType = 0x7f04021d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary90 = 0x7f0600f0
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral50 = 0x7f060113
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/fastscroll_default_thickness = 0x7f0700ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V26.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1400b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_container_height = 0x7f070131
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/backgroundInsetEnd = 0x7f040047
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_variant = 0x7f0601b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary95 = 0x7f0600e4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/pathMotionArc = 0x7f040350
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1402a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary95 = 0x7f0600f1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabSelectedTextColor = 0x7f040404
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/beginOnFirstDraw = 0x7f0a0068
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary20 = 0x7f0600dc
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/mtrl_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f02001e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary100 = 0x7f0600db
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f14020b
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_up_black_24dp = 0x7f0800e4
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary10 = 0x7f0600da
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f140094
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1400aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f0600d8
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f06005d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f0600d3
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_card_checked_layer_id = 0x7f0a0155
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral20 = 0x7f0600c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_dialog_btn_spacing = 0x7f0700e0
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/car2 = 0x7f08008c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral10 = 0x7f0600c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_vertical_padding = 0x7f07023a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_black = 0x7f0600be
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_default_padding = 0x7f0700e7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/values = 0x7f04049b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f0600ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f060124
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1402a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/backButton = 0x7f0a0065
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fabCradleVerticalOffset = 0x7f0401b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/drawableLeftCompat = 0x7f040171
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/checkedIconGravity = 0x7f0400a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/browser_actions_context_menu_row = 0x7f0d0024
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabStyle = 0x7f040405
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f140386
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_pre_l_text_clip_padding = 0x7f07024e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/center = 0x7f0a0087
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_hint_foreground = 0x7f0600b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout = 0x7f150023
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_filled_icon_button_container_color_selector = 0x7f0600af
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/progress_circular = 0x7f0a0195
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f1403a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/trackTint = 0x7f04048b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f060061
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f14041d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_fab_efab_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f0600ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/popupTheme = 0x7f04035f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Action = 0x7f1403eb
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_dynamic_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f0600a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintTop_toTopOf = 0x7f04027e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset = 0x7f070294
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_clock_display_width = 0x7f0701e4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/haloRadius = 0x7f0401f6
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/textinput_prefix_text = 0x7f0a0212
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_dynamic_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f0600a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_container_elevation = 0x7f070151
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ShapeableImageView = 0x7f15007d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/wavePhase = 0x7f0404a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_dynamic_dark_hint_foreground = 0x7f0600a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f140317
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/homeAsUpIndicator = 0x7f040206
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f140040
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/all = 0x7f0a0052
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f140287
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral70 = 0x7f0600c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f0600a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_primary = 0x7f0601a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f06009e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_27 = 0x7f0a002b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_dark_hint_foreground = 0x7f06009c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_dark_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f060099
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/suffixTextAppearance = 0x7f0403e5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/staggered = 0x7f0403c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_chip_background_color = 0x7f060095
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/animateMenuItems = 0x7f040031
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tickColorInactive = 0x7f04045d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_checkbox_button_tint = 0x7f060093
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1402d5
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_dynamic_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f0600a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/panelBackground = 0x7f040348
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_dialog_corner_radius_material = 0x7f070037
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f140194
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f06008e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_selection_line_height = 0x7f070243
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f140096
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f06008c
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f130068
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_button_ripple_color = 0x7f06008b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/notification_action_text_size = 0x7f0702ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_calendar_text_input_frame = 0x7f0a0153
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f0600d4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/clockNumberTextColor = 0x7f0400d5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/backgroundInsetTop = 0x7f040049
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/lightgray = 0x7f060083
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.NavigationBarView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f140169
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/minHideDelay = 0x7f0402f3
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_empty_list = 0x7f0800be
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_choice_chip_text_color = 0x7f06026a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/indicatorInset = 0x7f040222
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeSize = 0x7f0400e4
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_pressed = 0x7f060040
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/inactive = 0x7f06007f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle.Common = 0x7f1400d3
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/show_password_duration = 0x7f0b003b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_medium = 0x7f0700c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/endIconTintMode = 0x7f04018f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_anchorGravity = 0x7f040255
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_snackbar_text_size = 0x7f0700a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/header_main_color = 0x7f06007c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060078
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toTopOf = 0x7f04025e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/dim_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060073
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f140262
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_switch_track_height = 0x7f07016b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060072
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_text_padding = 0x7f070244
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color = 0x7f06006c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/info = 0x7f0a0111
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_28 = 0x7f0a002c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplayMedium = 0x7f1401c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_fab_shadow_end_color = 0x7f060067
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/errorTextColor = 0x7f04019c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_default_color_primary = 0x7f060060
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_searchbar_text_margin_start_no_navigation_icon = 0x7f0701a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/alpha = 0x7f04002d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/closeIconEnabled = 0x7f0400d7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabSelectedTextAppearance = 0x7f040403
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_default_color_error = 0x7f06005a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tooltipText = 0x7f04047c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral30 = 0x7f0600c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color = 0x7f06004a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_dynamic_hint_foreground = 0x7f0600a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_dark_default_color_surface = 0x7f060058
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_error = 0x7f060158
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary = 0x7f060056
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_picker_header_fullscreen = 0x7f0d0067
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/cancel_button = 0x7f0a0082
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp = 0x7f080040
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_min_height = 0x7f0700d5
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/m3_tabs_transparent_background = 0x7f0800da
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEasingStandard = 0x7f040316
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_box_stroke_color = 0x7f06004b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/behavior_fitToContents = 0x7f04005d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemStrokeWidth = 0x7f040241
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceLabelSmall = 0x7f040423
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0701d6
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/clockwise = 0x7f0a0098
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/desCity = 0x7f0a00b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/darkgray = 0x7f060047
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f0600b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/common_google_signin_btn_tint = 0x7f060046
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Bottom = 0x7f140173
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light = 0x7f060041
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f1403ea
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Surface = 0x7f1402b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/icon_group = 0x7f0a0106
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_75sdp = 0x7f07001a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialIconButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0402da
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f07027f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/progressBarPadding = 0x7f040366
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f07002f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/backgroundTintMode = 0x7f04004e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_default = 0x7f06003d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/carousel_touchUpMode = 0x7f04009c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/marginLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/hideAnimationBehavior = 0x7f0401fd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f14008b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_inactive_track_opacity = 0x7f07015c
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/CircleImageView = 0x7f15001f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/button_material_light = 0x7f060034
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070144
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleIconStyle = 0x7f0402ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f0600cd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f140202
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07014a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_material = 0x7f07001c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/browser_actions_title_color = 0x7f060032
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/number = 0x7f040335
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/maxImageSize = 0x7f0402e9
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary70 = 0x7f06013c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_anchor = 0x7f040254
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/bright_foreground_material_light = 0x7f06002e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/bottomNavBar = 0x7f0a0073
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f14030b
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape = 0x7f080032
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/paddingBottomNoButtons = 0x7f040340
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark = 0x7f06002b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/blueish = 0x7f060028
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorTertiaryContainer = 0x7f040113
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/blueColor = 0x7f060027
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f140385
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/background_material_dark = 0x7f060024
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f140253
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_height = 0x7f07018f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/background_floating_material_dark = 0x7f060022
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f060241
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f060021
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable = 0x7f04019d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/accent_material_light = 0x7f06001e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f140059
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/accent_material_dark = 0x7f06001d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/subheaderInsetEnd = 0x7f0403db
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_tint_switch_track = 0x7f06001c
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080048
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_search_hint = 0x7f130012
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080049
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_tint_edittext = 0x7f060019
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_secondary_text_material_light = 0x7f060016
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/transition_transform = 0x7f0a0224
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/primary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060299
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary99 = 0x7f0600f2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Colored = 0x7f1403d6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/triggerId = 0x7f040493
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_up = 0x7f0800f3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.HarmonizedColors = 0x7f140294
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/drawableTint = 0x7f040175
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_icon_tint = 0x7f06006e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_search_url_text_selected = 0x7f060014
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item = 0x7f0d0079
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCalendarDayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f0402c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dividerInsetEnd = 0x7f040166
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/alphabeticModifiers = 0x7f04002e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f06000b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/SplashTitleColor = 0x7f060003
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_action_menu_layout = 0x7f0d0003
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/constraints = 0x7f040120
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/Red = 0x7f060002
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/SmoothCheckBoxStyleContact = 0x7f140184
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tooltipFrameBackground = 0x7f04047a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/yearTodayStyle = 0x7f0404b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f140029
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/drawPath = 0x7f04016e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f14032d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/yearSelectedStyle = 0x7f0404b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/windowNoTitle = 0x7f0404b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabIndicatorColor = 0x7f0403f4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f1402c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/windowMinWidthMinor = 0x7f0404b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/windowMinWidthMajor = 0x7f0404b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_background = 0x7f060176
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/windowFixedWidthMinor = 0x7f0404b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/windowFixedWidthMajor = 0x7f0404b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialTimePickerTitleStyle = 0x7f0402e3
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f070287
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_elevation = 0x7f07021d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_vertical_offset = 0x7f070211
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/daySelectedStyle = 0x7f040154
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/windowFixedHeightMajor = 0x7f0404af
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary = 0x7f060194
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/windowActionBarOverlay = 0x7f0404ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f140207
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_4sdp = 0x7f070014
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/waveShape = 0x7f0404aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.None = 0x7f140165
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/voiceIcon = 0x7f0404a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/visibilityMode = 0x7f0404a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_chip_text_color = 0x7f060267
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/carousel_emptyViewsBehavior = 0x7f040096
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/mtrl_card_lowers_interpolator = 0x7f010029
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCalendarHeaderDivider = 0x7f0402c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral95 = 0x7f060118
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionBarPopupTheme = 0x7f040004
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/viewInflaterClass = 0x7f04049e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/adjust_width = 0x7f0a004f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionBarSize = 0x7f040005
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/startIconDrawable = 0x7f0403c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle = 0x7f04007f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f14006b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/listPreferredItemHeightLarge = 0x7f0402a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/verticalOffset = 0x7f04049c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/upDuration = 0x7f040497
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material = 0x7f07006b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/tooltip_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0702d9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCalendarYearNavigationButton = 0x7f0402ce
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light = 0x7f06000e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_snackbar_background_color = 0x7f06006f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070030
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/triggerReceiver = 0x7f040494
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/goIcon = 0x7f0401f3
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/hide_password_duration = 0x7f0b0009
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dividerPadding = 0x7f040168
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_textinput_default_box_stroke_color = 0x7f06028a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_dynamic_dark_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f0600a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/bounceStart = 0x7f0a0077
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/constraintSetEnd = 0x7f04011c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_width = 0x7f07007a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary60 = 0x7f0600ed
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_secondary70 = 0x7f06020c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/transitionFlags = 0x7f040490
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1402dc
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mainColorYellow = 0x7f0601d5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/brightness = 0x7f04007b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/region_heightLessThan = 0x7f040378
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/animationMode = 0x7f040034
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/m3_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintWidth_max = 0x7f040284
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/transitionEasing = 0x7f04048f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_ripple_color = 0x7f060276
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f14021a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dialogPreferredPadding = 0x7f040160
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/drawableTopCompat = 0x7f040177
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/baseline = 0x7f0a0067
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/trackHeight = 0x7f040489
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f07026e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/gapBetweenBars = 0x7f0401f1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/trackDecorationTintMode = 0x7f040488
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_view_clear_button = 0x7f0a01b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/trackDecoration = 0x7f040486
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/image = 0x7f0a010b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/disableScroll = 0x7f0a00c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_text_button_background_color_selector = 0x7f0601c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/trackColorInactive = 0x7f040484
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_secondary_container = 0x7f0601b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_elevation = 0x7f070267
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/notification_action = 0x7f0d006f
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_screen_content_include = 0x7f0d0014
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/cardview_shadow_start_color = 0x7f060039
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_item_tint = 0x7f060273
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCalendarDay = 0x7f0402c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/touchRegionId = 0x7f040480
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color = 0x7f06006a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_flat_outline_width = 0x7f070161
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary60 = 0x7f0600fa
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/collapseActionView = 0x7f0a009a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_6 = 0x7f0a0033
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_switch_track_height = 0x7f0702b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabMaxWidth = 0x7f0403f9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/toolbarNavigationButtonStyle = 0x7f040476
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f060055
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_switch_track_width = 0x7f0702b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_tertiary40 = 0x7f060216
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/submitBackground = 0x7f0403de
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/titlePositionInterpolator = 0x7f04046f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/titleTextStyle = 0x7f040473
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f14024b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/titleMargins = 0x7f04046e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f140430
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/hintAnimationEnabled = 0x7f040202
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/titleMarginTop = 0x7f04046d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f06024e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/highlighted_text_material_dark = 0x7f06007d
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080062
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/titleMarginEnd = 0x7f04046b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/alreadyAccountBtn = 0x7f0a0054
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/defaultMarginsEnabled = 0x7f040158
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/clockIcon = 0x7f0400d4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f140045
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textPanX = 0x7f040447
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_lastHorizontalBias = 0x7f0401d6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tint = 0x7f040462
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintRight_toRightOf = 0x7f040278
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f1400e8
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_background = 0x7f06015d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/menuAlignmentMode = 0x7f0402ef
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tickMarkTintMode = 0x7f040460
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_calendar_day_of_week = 0x7f0d0057
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tickColor = 0x7f04045b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/onPositiveCross = 0x7f04033a
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_focused = 0x7f08009b
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/RecycleListView = 0x7f150076
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f14020c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Chip = 0x7f140172
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_error = 0x7f060234
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/showAnimationBehavior = 0x7f04039f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/thumbTintMode = 0x7f04045a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_top = 0x7f070252
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_secondary10 = 0x7f060205
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_dark_default_color_background = 0x7f06004c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_content_padding = 0x7f070235
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/thumbTint = 0x7f040459
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_button_outline_color_selector = 0x7f06008a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/thumbStrokeWidth = 0x7f040457
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_vertical_gap = 0x7f0701ec
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/alertDialogCenterButtons = 0x7f040029
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/thumbIconTintMode = 0x7f040454
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Tooltip = 0x7f1403c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/thumbIconTint = 0x7f040453
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral60 = 0x7f0600c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/backgroundStacked = 0x7f04004c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.TextButton.Container.Shape = 0x7f140158
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/thumbIcon = 0x7f040452
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_padding = 0x7f070265
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabInlineLabel = 0x7f0403f8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/thickness = 0x7f04044f
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_spinner_textfield_background_material = 0x7f080068
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f1402c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_firstHorizontalBias = 0x7f0401ce
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/DarkBlue = 0x7f060000
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/selectorSize = 0x7f040390
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textureEffect = 0x7f04044b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textureBlurFactor = 0x7f04044a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f070179
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintHeight_default = 0x7f04026c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f060054
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f14038d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/errorContentDescription = 0x7f040195
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline5 = 0x7f1401f3
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textStartPadding = 0x7f040449
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/while_some_people_have_important_appointments_and_there_might_be_some_congestion_where_they_want_to_go_the_project_s_purpose_is_to_save_time_and_make_finding_a_park_easier_hence_the_parking_is_reserved_to_prevent_time_from_being_spent = 0x7f1300c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary = 0x7f060179
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/touchAnchorSide = 0x7f04047f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary50 = 0x7f0600f9
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/userName = 0x7f0a022e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/splashText = 0x7f0a01de
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f07013a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding = 0x7f07009b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fontProviderFetchStrategy = 0x7f0401e5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1403bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textPanY = 0x7f040448
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f07022c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_on_primary = 0x7f060239
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_secondary80 = 0x7f06020d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialButtonStyle = 0x7f0402be
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textOutlineColor = 0x7f040445
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/ttcIndex = 0x7f040496
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010017
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/yearStyle = 0x7f0404b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionProgress = 0x7f040325
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textInputFilledExposedDropdownMenuStyle = 0x7f04043d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabTextAppearance = 0x7f040406
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle2 = 0x7f04042f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f0a015e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/showDividers = 0x7f0403a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textInputFilledDenseStyle = 0x7f04043c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/cradle = 0x7f0a00a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f08000e
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/notification_template_part_time = 0x7f0d0074
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_button_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f060089
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_active_track_opacity = 0x7f07015a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/bottomSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f04006d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textFillColor = 0x7f04043b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/black = 0x7f060026
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fabAnimationMode = 0x7f0401b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textColorSearchUrl = 0x7f040439
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07011a
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application = 0x7f130019
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textColorAlertDialogListItem = 0x7f040438
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/jer_transparentGray = 0x7f060080
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080023
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_12sdp = 0x7f070003
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textBackgroundZoom = 0x7f040437
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_chip_checked_hovered_translation_z = 0x7f0700ff
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_error99 = 0x7f06010c
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/notification_bg_low_normal = 0x7f08010e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_grey_100 = 0x7f06021e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/commitIcon = 0x7f040118
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemSpacing = 0x7f04023f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary95 = 0x7f0600fe
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080067
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionStagger = 0x7f040326
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceTitleLarge = 0x7f040430
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle1 = 0x7f04042e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_fab_size_mini = 0x7f07008f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/listDividerAlertDialog = 0x7f0402a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_primary95 = 0x7f060132
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1401ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultTitle = 0x7f04042c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/NO_DEBUG = 0x7f0a0007
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle = 0x7f04042b
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_end_date_description = 0x7f13008d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearancePopupMenuHeader = 0x7f04042a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallStyle = 0x7f0401c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceOverline = 0x7f040429
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Toolbar = 0x7f150092
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f140112
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius = 0x7f0401b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/searchViewStyle = 0x7f04038b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused = 0x7f06003f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDurationShort2 = 0x7f04030b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCalendarHeaderSelection = 0x7f0402c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceListItemSecondary = 0x7f040427
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text.Day = 0x7f1402c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/reactiveGuide_valueId = 0x7f040376
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f07017d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipStandaloneStyle = 0x7f0400be
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceListItem = 0x7f040426
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/curveFit = 0x7f040148
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceLineHeightEnabled = 0x7f040425
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_dark_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f06009a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/cardview_compat_inset_shadow = 0x7f070070
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/listPreferredItemHeightSmall = 0x7f0402aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ic_go_search_api_material = 0x7f080043
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/google_api_key = 0x7f130049
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0b000a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/placeholderText = 0x7f040358
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_right = 0x7f070227
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonBarButtonStyle = 0x7f04007c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceLargePopupMenu = 0x7f040424
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat = 0x7f14013b
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e00a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/lightyellowcolor = 0x7f060084
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary_container = 0x7f060188
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_white = 0x7f06014e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/hintEnabled = 0x7f040203
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f1403a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabTextColor = 0x7f040407
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineSmall = 0x7f040420
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f0601bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceHeadline2 = 0x7f040419
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/topInsetScrimEnabled = 0x7f04047d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/behavior_significantVelocityThreshold = 0x7f040063
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceHeadline1 = 0x7f040418
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal = 0x7f0800a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/auto = 0x7f0a0061
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/collapseIcon = 0x7f0400df
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialDisplayDividerStyle = 0x7f0402d5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceDisplayLarge = 0x7f040415
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar = 0x7f07006c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/split_action_bar = 0x7f0a01e0
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface = 0x7f06017b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceCaption = 0x7f040414
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__2 = 0x7f08001b
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_track_color = 0x7f0e00a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceButton = 0x7f040413
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f06011c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialTimePickerTheme = 0x7f0402e2
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_star_black_48dp = 0x7f080069
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceBodyMedium = 0x7f040411
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEffect_end = 0x7f04031b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/browser_actions_menu_view = 0x7f0a007c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceBodyLarge = 0x7f040410
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$ic_gradient_blue__0 = 0x7f080006
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_menu_container_elevation = 0x7f070127
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/cardview_light_background = 0x7f060037
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/telltales_tailColor = 0x7f04040a
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material = 0x7f0d0008
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/imageButtonStyle = 0x7f040218
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f14024f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tintMode = 0x7f040463
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/polarRelativeTo = 0x7f04035c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabUnboundedRipple = 0x7f040408
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabRippleColor = 0x7f040401
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard = 0x7f060009
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCardViewStyle = 0x7f0402d2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabPaddingStart = 0x7f0403ff
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabPaddingEnd = 0x7f0403fe
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabPaddingBottom = 0x7f0403fd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabPadding = 0x7f0403fc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f140341
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_current_year_description = 0x7f130092
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/startIconScaleType = 0x7f0403c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabMinWidth = 0x7f0403fa
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ConstraintSet = 0x7f15002c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f060096
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material = 0x7f080065
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabIndicatorFullWidth = 0x7f0403f5
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_progress_bar_height_material = 0x7f070051
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/carParking_CV = 0x7f0a0085
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_marginBaseline = 0x7f040293
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/centerIfNoTextEnabled = 0x7f04009f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f140016
app.developer.parkingspaces:mipmap/ic_launcher = 0x7f100000
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationMode = 0x7f0403f3
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabIndicator = 0x7f0403f1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/queryHint = 0x7f04036c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary = 0x7f060177
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/suggestionRowLayout = 0x7f0403e7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/suffixText = 0x7f0403e4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/enableEdgeToEdge = 0x7f040187
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/expandedTitleMarginTop = 0x7f0401a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_error10 = 0x7f060101
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/hideOnScroll = 0x7f040201
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/subtitleTextColor = 0x7f0403e2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ShapeableImageView = 0x7f140422
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010014
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0043
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/counterMaxLength = 0x7f040141
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/subtitle = 0x7f0403df
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_pressed__0 = 0x7f080022
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/splitTrack = 0x7f0403ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral80 = 0x7f0600c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/notification_template_part_chronometer = 0x7f0d0073
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary20 = 0x7f060144
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f0401ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/statusBarScrim = 0x7f0403d5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable = 0x7f0401bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_seekbar_track_material = 0x7f080066
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cornerFamilyTopLeft = 0x7f040138
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_secondary95 = 0x7f06020f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/state_with_icon = 0x7f0403d2
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/open_sans_bold = 0x7f09000a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/state_lifted = 0x7f0403d1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/state_liftable = 0x7f0403d0
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_textfield_label_color = 0x7f0601c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/mtrl_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f02001d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/fitCenter = 0x7f0a00e5
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070168
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDebug = 0x7f0402fd
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_z = 0x7f070230
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f140236
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/searchPrefixText = 0x7f04038a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/state_indeterminate = 0x7f0403cf
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/state_dragged = 0x7f0403cd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textEndPadding = 0x7f04043a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Full = 0x7f14015b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/state_collapsed = 0x7f0403cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/checkedChip = 0x7f0400a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/startIconTint = 0x7f0403c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level2 = 0x7f0701b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/character_counter_pattern = 0x7f130028
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_verticalAlign = 0x7f0401dc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1402dd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f14019b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/touchAnchorId = 0x7f04047e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1402de
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f14014e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_width = 0x7f07025a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/startIconContentDescription = 0x7f0403c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1400d1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/statusBarForeground = 0x7f0403d4
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_with_icon_active_icon_color = 0x7f0e0082
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/error_color_material_dark = 0x7f060075
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/stackFromEnd = 0x7f0403c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/springStopThreshold = 0x7f0403bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_filter_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0e002f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tickMarkTint = 0x7f04045f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/continuousVelocity = 0x7f0a00a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/springStiffness = 0x7f0403be
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f14018f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/imageAspectRatio = 0x7f040216
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f140038
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/springBoundary = 0x7f0403bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/cityName_TV = 0x7f0a0093
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_container = 0x7f0a0041
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/spinBars = 0x7f0403b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_clock_display_and_toggle = 0x7f0a012e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/useDrawerArrowDrawable = 0x7f040499
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f080027
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1400ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:bool/abc_action_bar_embed_tabs = 0x7f050000
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/snackbarButtonStyle = 0x7f0403b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/m3_password_eye = 0x7f0800d3
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/titleMarginStart = 0x7f04046c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_mode_close_button = 0x7f0a0049
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/activityChooserViewStyle = 0x7f040026
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_edit_text_material = 0x7f08003e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/singleSelection = 0x7f0403b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_appbar_overlay_color = 0x7f060085
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/navigationMode = 0x7f04032f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/centerCrop = 0x7f0a0088
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/simpleItemSelectedRippleColor = 0x7f0403ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1400bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_landscape_header_width = 0x7f070247
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/customBoolean = 0x7f040149
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/drawableRightCompat = 0x7f040172
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010013
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/simpleItemSelectedColor = 0x7f0403ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/windowFixedHeightMinor = 0x7f0404b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/panelMenuListTheme = 0x7f040349
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled = 0x7f04043f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/dragStart = 0x7f0a00cd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_horizontalAlign = 0x7f0401d2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/sideSheetModalStyle = 0x7f0403a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height_fullscreen = 0x7f070242
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_filled_stroke_color = 0x7f060271
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/sideSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f0403a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0602a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/notification_subtext_size = 0x7f0702d5
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_shape = 0x7f0e000e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceHeadline6 = 0x7f04041d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelSmall = 0x7f1401d0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/shrinkMotionSpec = 0x7f0403a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0e002e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/wavePeriod = 0x7f0404a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/GradientColorItem = 0x7f15003d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_tint_btn_checkable = 0x7f060017
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/showPaths = 0x7f0403a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f140048
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral70 = 0x7f0601e5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/gestureInsetBottomIgnored = 0x7f0401f2
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/switch_thumb_material_light = 0x7f0602a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/bottomSheetStyle = 0x7f04006f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/showMotionSpec = 0x7f0403a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f140185
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines = 0x7f0700a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f14023d
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_google_play_services_enable_title = 0x7f13002c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintLeft_creator = 0x7f040273
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f14037e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/shouldRemoveExpandedCorners = 0x7f04039e
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/abc_tooltip_enter = 0x7f01000a
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_timepicker_cancel = 0x7f1300af
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_chip_stroke_color = 0x7f060097
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/pressed = 0x7f0a0191
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/trackTintMode = 0x7f04048c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/shapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f04039a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070183
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerSmall = 0x7f040397
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon = 0x7f0800e8
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_timepicker_am = 0x7f13006c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerMedium = 0x7f040396
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerExtraSmall = 0x7f040394
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_image = 0x7f0a0044
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame = 0x7f0700b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/shapeAppearance = 0x7f040392
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/design_navigation_item_header = 0x7f0d002f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/radio = 0x7f0a0197
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f0701ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/outline = 0x7f0a0179
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_light = 0x7f06002c
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_to_unchecked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f080084
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/SharedValue = 0x7f040000
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textureWidth = 0x7f04044d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f14030a
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_circular_progress_indicator_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e000a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/bikeParking_CV = 0x7f0a006b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/selectableItemBackground = 0x7f04038d
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_calendar_month = 0x7f0d005a
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/abc_config_activityDefaultDur = 0x7f0b0000
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_icon_margin = 0x7f0700bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/forceApplySystemWindowInsetTop = 0x7f0401ed
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/saturation = 0x7f040382
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/drawerLayoutStyle = 0x7f04017a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_default_color_secondary = 0x7f060063
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/material_hour_tv = 0x7f0a0136
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/roundPercent = 0x7f040381
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary = 0x7f06017d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_card_corner_radius = 0x7f07025d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary30 = 0x7f060138
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f150030
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/round = 0x7f040380
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/dim_foreground_material_light = 0x7f060074
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialIconButtonFilledStyle = 0x7f0402d8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/minWidth = 0x7f0402f6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/rotationCenterId = 0x7f04037f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1402a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040341
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/mock_label = 0x7f0402f8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/removeEmbeddedFabElevation = 0x7f04037c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/activity_chooser_view_content = 0x7f0a004c
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0c0000
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/thumbElevation = 0x7f040451
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium4 = 0x7f0b001a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/region_widthLessThan = 0x7f04037a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDurationLong1 = 0x7f040302
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/waveVariesBy = 0x7f0404ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/listChoiceBackgroundIndicator = 0x7f0402a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tooltipStyle = 0x7f04047b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/contentScrim = 0x7f040130
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary40 = 0x7f0600f8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body1 = 0x7f1401ea
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_goneMarginBaseline = 0x7f04028a
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom = 0x7f010005
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/sizePercent = 0x7f0403b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f1400ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral100 = 0x7f0600c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabGravity = 0x7f0403ee
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToAllConstraintSets = 0x7f040374
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/ratingBarStyleIndicator = 0x7f040371
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral90 = 0x7f0600c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_card_stroke_color = 0x7f060091
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tag_transition_group = 0x7f0a01fe
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f07018e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/titleEnabled = 0x7f040468
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/radioButtonStyle = 0x7f04036e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Tertiary = 0x7f14036a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_filled_button_container_elevation = 0x7f070128
app.developer.parkingspaces:bool/mtrl_btn_textappearance_all_caps = 0x7f050002
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/activity_login = 0x7f0d001e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/queryPatterns = 0x7f04036d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_dark_highlighted_text = 0x7f06009b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/selectionRequired = 0x7f04038f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Overline = 0x7f1401f5
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_min_width = 0x7f0700ea
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/marginTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_extra_large_family = 0x7f0e00c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/quantizeMotionPhase = 0x7f040369
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/disjoint = 0x7f0a00c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerExtraLarge = 0x7f040393
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/pressedTranslationZ = 0x7f040365
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1402b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.HarmonizedColors.Empty = 0x7f140295
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon1 = 0x7f140148
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/preserveIconSpacing = 0x7f040364
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_firstHorizontalStyle = 0x7f0401cf
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorSecondaryVariant = 0x7f04010d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_max_width = 0x7f0700ec
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_snackbar_max_width = 0x7f0700a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_switch_thumb_material = 0x7f08006b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1403da
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f070049
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemTextAppearanceInactive = 0x7f040244
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral80 = 0x7f060116
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/prefixTextAppearance = 0x7f040362
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f140319
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f140257
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/theme = 0x7f04044e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/popupMenuStyle = 0x7f04035e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/popupMenuBackground = 0x7f04035d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_error = 0x7f060066
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/quantizeMotionInterpolator = 0x7f040368
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_divider_color = 0x7f0e005b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/placeholderTextAppearance = 0x7f040359
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_primary90 = 0x7f060131
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_margin = 0x7f070284
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/percent = 0x7f0a018b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/purple_700 = 0x7f06029c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/thumbRadius = 0x7f040455
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/placeholderTextColor = 0x7f04035a
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f080004
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_horizontal_offset = 0x7f070210
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ProgressIndicator = 0x7f140421
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background_overlay = 0x7f0800fc
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabContentStart = 0x7f0403ed
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/passwordToggleDrawable = 0x7f04034c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x2 = 0x7f0701cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary20 = 0x7f0600e9
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral10 = 0x7f0601de
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/passwordToggleContentDescription = 0x7f04034b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/animateToStart = 0x7f0a0057
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/design_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020001
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/paddingStart = 0x7f040345
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040343
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/imageRotate = 0x7f04021b
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/material_radial_view_group = 0x7f0d0048
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f0400ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/paddingEnd = 0x7f040342
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_baseline_arrow_upward_24 = 0x7f0800b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_dynamic_dark_highlighted_text = 0x7f0600a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/always = 0x7f0a0055
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/overlay = 0x7f04033f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textBackgroundPanX = 0x7f040434
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f1403ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingLeft = 0x7f0402ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_primary20 = 0x7f06012a
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_active_track_color = 0x7f0e0088
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary10 = 0x7f0600e7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/onStateTransition = 0x7f04033c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_container_height = 0x7f070125
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/onNegativeCross = 0x7f040339
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/slide = 0x7f0a01d3
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_toolbar_text_size_title = 0x7f0701e0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/onHide = 0x7f040338
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f060255
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/nestedScrollable = 0x7f040334
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral90 = 0x7f0601e7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/nestedScrollFlags = 0x7f040332
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_goneMarginRight = 0x7f04028e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0700e5
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary = 0x7f06019a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/compat_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070076
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/navigationRailStyle = 0x7f040330
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f07015f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/defaultColor = 0x7f060049
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/viewTransitionOnNegativeCross = 0x7f0404a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f0601f4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/navigationIconTint = 0x7f04032e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f140445
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/navigationContentDescription = 0x7f04032c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialSearchViewStyle = 0x7f0402de
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/moveWhenScrollAtTop = 0x7f04032a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_outline_variant = 0x7f0601b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_variant = 0x7f060186
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motion_postLayoutCollision = 0x7f040328
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionInterpolator = 0x7f040322
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textBackground = 0x7f040433
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070226
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f060278
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary20 = 0x7f0600f6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/checkMarkTint = 0x7f0400a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEffect_viewTransition = 0x7f040321
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEffect_translationY = 0x7f040320
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.ParkingSpaces = 0x7f140263
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_inactive_track_color = 0x7f0e008a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/showTitle = 0x7f0403a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_card_foreground_color = 0x7f06008f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_default_color_on_error = 0x7f06005c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f14018a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_large_fab_max_image_size = 0x7f07017f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEffect_strict = 0x7f04031e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08002a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f1402b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceTitleSmall = 0x7f040432
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f080009
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f0600d7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintHeight_max = 0x7f04026d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEffect_alpha = 0x7f04031a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/textinput_placeholder = 0x7f0a0211
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_on_secondary_container = 0x7f06023c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEasingLinearInterpolator = 0x7f040315
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Design.Prefix = 0x7f1401c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/imagePanX = 0x7f040219
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/drawableBottomCompat = 0x7f04016f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/toolbarId = 0x7f040475
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_badge_vertical_offset = 0x7f0700cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedInterpolator = 0x7f040313
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEasingAccelerated = 0x7f04030e
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Motion = 0x7f150064
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDurationShort3 = 0x7f04030c
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/notification_bg = 0x7f08010c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonIconDimen = 0x7f040084
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_primary60 = 0x7f06012e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1400ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_size = 0x7f07022f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDurationShort1 = 0x7f04030a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding_fullscreen = 0x7f07023f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_radius = 0x7f0702a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOnSurface = 0x7f0400fd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDurationMedium4 = 0x7f040309
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodySmall = 0x7f1401d8
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material = 0x7f070027
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/notification_icon_background = 0x7f080112
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_text_field_caret_color = 0x7f0e0039
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary95 = 0x7f06013f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textInputOutlinedDenseStyle = 0x7f040440
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEffect_start = 0x7f04031d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDurationMedium1 = 0x7f040306
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDurationLong3 = 0x7f040304
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material = 0x7f070055
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/decor_content_parent = 0x7f0a00b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/titleMargin = 0x7f040469
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDurationLong2 = 0x7f040303
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Design.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f140322
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_list_item_height_material = 0x7f07004d
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ViewBackgroundHelper = 0x7f150098
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_assist_chip_icon_tint_color = 0x7f060086
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/prefixText = 0x7f040361
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDurationExtraLong4 = 0x7f040301
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDurationExtraLong3 = 0x7f040300
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/m3_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintStart_toEndOf = 0x7f040279
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDurationExtraLong2 = 0x7f0402ff
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/androidx_core_ripple_material_light = 0x7f060020
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl = 0x7f080072
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f06025e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tooltipForegroundColor = 0x7f040479
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_indicator_text_color = 0x7f060272
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/antiClockwise = 0x7f0a0058
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1400f4
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/aclonica = 0x7f090000
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/mock_showDiagonals = 0x7f0402fb
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f0600d2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/spread = 0x7f0a01e1
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/glide_custom_view_target_tag = 0x7f0a00f6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/mock_diagonalsColor = 0x7f0402f7
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary80 = 0x7f0600fc
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/searchHintIcon = 0x7f040388
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/design_text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0d0035
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/civ_border_color = 0x7f0400cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/lightFadeBlue = 0x7f060081
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/background_material_light = 0x7f060025
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_view = 0x7f0a0166
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/showAsAction = 0x7f0403a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/contentPaddingBottom = 0x7f04012a
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_list_longpressed_holo = 0x7f080051
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/minSeparation = 0x7f0402f4
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/CustomAttribute = 0x7f15002f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/minHeight = 0x7f0402f2
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_card_elevated_elevation = 0x7f0700fa
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f06009f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_height = 0x7f07011c
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/google_crash_reporting_api_key = 0x7f13004b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_primary_text_material_dark = 0x7f06000f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/maxWidth = 0x7f0402ec
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/minTouchTargetSize = 0x7f0402f5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1401fd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/linearProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f04029f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/notification_top_pad_large_text = 0x7f0702d7
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f0700f1
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_timepicker_modebutton_tint = 0x7f060257
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral95 = 0x7f0601e8
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_surface = 0x7f06018c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionModeShareDrawable = 0x7f04001c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f07010b
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_2 = 0x7f0b0022
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_verticalStyle = 0x7f0401df
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f140062
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cardUseCompatPadding = 0x7f040093
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/maxCharacterCount = 0x7f0402e7
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/State = 0x7f150085
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/defaultDuration = 0x7f040157
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/expanded = 0x7f04019e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_internal_children_alpha_tag = 0x7f0a0157
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/maxActionInlineWidth = 0x7f0402e5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialTimePickerStyle = 0x7f0402e1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialThemeOverlay = 0x7f0402e0
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/expand_activities_button = 0x7f0a00de
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_error90 = 0x7f06010a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialSwitchStyle = 0x7f0402df
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/active = 0x7f06001f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/switchMinWidth = 0x7f0403e8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/windowActionBar = 0x7f0404ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialSearchBarStyle = 0x7f0402dc
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral99 = 0x7f0601e9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/appBarLayoutStyle = 0x7f040035
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_light = 0x7f080059
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f1400eb
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialIconButtonStyle = 0x7f0402db
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialIconButtonFilledTonalStyle = 0x7f0402d9
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary70 = 0x7f0600fb
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f14012d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/region_widthMoreThan = 0x7f04037b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialDividerStyle = 0x7f0402d7
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/notification_content_margin_start = 0x7f0702cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodySmall = 0x7f1401c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialDividerHeavyStyle = 0x7f0402d6
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_primary = 0x7f0601a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCircleRadius = 0x7f0402d3
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_tint = 0x7f0e00c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialButtonToggleGroupStyle = 0x7f0402bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCardViewOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0402d1
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary40 = 0x7f0600de
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCalendarTheme = 0x7f0402cd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Light = 0x7f140296
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_50sdp = 0x7f070015
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Outlined = 0x7f14034e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/emojiCompatEnabled = 0x7f040186
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f140288
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1400d8
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0e004b
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_lock_black = 0x7f0800c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/statusBarBackground = 0x7f0403d3
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f020019
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/behavior_hideable = 0x7f04005f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/paddingTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040347
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/checkedIconVisible = 0x7f0400ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_dialog_title_divider_material = 0x7f070042
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCalendarHeaderCancelButton = 0x7f0402c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/imageViewAboutUs = 0x7f0a010d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cornerRadius = 0x7f04013a
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f15004f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/customStringValue = 0x7f040152
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f0600cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textOutlineThickness = 0x7f040446
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/SearchBar = 0x7f15007a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/autoSizeStepGranularity = 0x7f040041
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f14001b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/liftOnScrollTargetViewId = 0x7f04029b
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_searchview_description_clear = 0x7f130013
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialAlertDialogButtonSpacerVisibility = 0x7f0402b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_weight = 0x7f040272
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/marginRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/endIconTint = 0x7f04018e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/logoScaleType = 0x7f0402b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDurationExtraLong1 = 0x7f0402fe
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_vector_test = 0x7f080078
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_menu_list_item_selected_container_color = 0x7f0e0038
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_focused = 0x7f0702bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/AlertDialog = 0x7f150006
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f0601ec
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/logo = 0x7f0402af
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingRight = 0x7f0402ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f0402b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width = 0x7f070084
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/m3_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f020013
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodyMedium = 0x7f1401c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/teal_200 = 0x7f0602aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_default = 0x7f060042
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_fab_surface_container_color = 0x7f0e001e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/listPopupWindowStyle = 0x7f0402a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/mock_labelBackgroundColor = 0x7f0402f9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f140256
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/telltales_velocityMode = 0x7f04040c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/listLayout = 0x7f0402a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/m3_motion_fade_enter = 0x7f010023
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/lastItemDecorated = 0x7f04024f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/listItemLayout = 0x7f0402a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/cardBackgroundColor = 0x7f060035
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/lineSpacing = 0x7f04029e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/subtitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0403e1
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/listMode = 0x7f0a0124
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/lineHeight = 0x7f04029d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlOverlay.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f14013e
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/googlesans_bold = 0x7f090003
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorSecondaryContainer = 0x7f04010c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/liftOnScrollColor = 0x7f04029a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/contentPaddingRight = 0x7f04012d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/liftOnScroll = 0x7f040299
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_wrapBehaviorInParent = 0x7f040298
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/titleCentered = 0x7f040466
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_scrollEffect = 0x7f040295
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonPanelSideLayout = 0x7f040087
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_goneMarginStart = 0x7f04028f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutStyle = 0x7f0400e8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1403bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_editor_absoluteY = 0x7f040289
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_sys_color_light_surface_tint = 0x7f0e00c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/subheaderColor = 0x7f0403da
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/closeIconEndPadding = 0x7f0400d8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/shapeAppearanceLargeComponent = 0x7f040398
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintWidth_min = 0x7f040285
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_chip_text_color = 0x7f060098
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f07018c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemIconPadding = 0x7f04022f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f06003b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f1403cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f140394
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf = 0x7f04027d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/gray = 0x7f06007a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Choice = 0x7f1403ec
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/imageAspectRatioAdjust = 0x7f040217
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button = 0x7f0800e6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/attributeName = 0x7f04003a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/secondary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f0602a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f1403df
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabIndicatorHeight = 0x7f0403f7
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_view_edit_text = 0x7f0a01bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintTag = 0x7f04027b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/coplanarSiblingViewId = 0x7f040134
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Text = 0x7f140124
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCardViewFilledStyle = 0x7f0402d0
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/design_snackbar_out = 0x7f01001b
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/mysplashanimation = 0x7f01002a
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/chain2 = 0x7f0a008d
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_ref_typeface_brand_regular = 0x7f0e00c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/autoShowKeyboard = 0x7f04003d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal = 0x7f0700a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tag_state_description = 0x7f0a01fd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf = 0x7f040274
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/trackCornerRadius = 0x7f040485
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary = 0x7f060198
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/blendSrc = 0x7f040065
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_tertiary80 = 0x7f06021a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintHeight_percent = 0x7f04026f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/bestChoice = 0x7f0a006a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f07027d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_tabs_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f060284
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_dark_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f06009d
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/NavigationView = 0x7f15006e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dropdownListPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f04017c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/indeterminateProgressStyle = 0x7f04021e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/maxAcceleration = 0x7f0402e4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f140415
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_on_background_emphasis_medium = 0x7f06022b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorScheme = 0x7f04010a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f140233
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/notification_template_icon_group = 0x7f0d0072
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_icon_size = 0x7f070122
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f140307
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/thumbStrokeColor = 0x7f040456
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f070092
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_outline_color = 0x7f0e003e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_goneMarginBottom = 0x7f04028b
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/design_navigation_menu_item = 0x7f0d0033
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line = 0x7f0d0018
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/confirmParking = 0x7f0a009c
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00af
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/hideNavigationIcon = 0x7f0401ff
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_filled_background_color = 0x7f06026f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintGuide_end = 0x7f040269
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_light = 0x7f06000c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/submenuarrow = 0x7f0a01f1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070143
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_ripple_selectable_pressed_alpha = 0x7f070199
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintGuide_begin = 0x7f040268
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/onShow = 0x7f04033b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/checkedState = 0x7f0400ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_voice_btn = 0x7f0a01c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/none = 0x7f0a0170
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_lock_black_24dp = 0x7f0800c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/windowActionModeOverlay = 0x7f0404ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/extendMotionSpec = 0x7f0401a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/errorIconTintMode = 0x7f040199
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1400a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f070184
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070258
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf = 0x7f040260
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_goneMarginLeft = 0x7f04028d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_tertiary30 = 0x7f060215
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAllCaps = 0x7f04040d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constrainedHeight = 0x7f040259
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textLocale = 0x7f040444
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_behavior = 0x7f040256
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f060120
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabPaddingTop = 0x7f040400
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/alertDialogTheme = 0x7f04002b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/carousel_backwardTransition = 0x7f040095
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layoutDuringTransition = 0x7f040252
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/backgroundInsetStart = 0x7f040048
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_fab_border_width = 0x7f07017b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f140081
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/view_tree_on_back_pressed_dispatcher_owner = 0x7f0a0234
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout = 0x7f040250
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/scopeUris = 0x7f040384
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f0d006b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f070279
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/carousel_nextState = 0x7f04009a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/editTextBackground = 0x7f04017f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_filled_icon_tint = 0x7f060270
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionModeBackground = 0x7f040012
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorBackgroundFloating = 0x7f0400eb
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/boxStrokeErrorColor = 0x7f040078
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/labelStyle = 0x7f04024c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f0601ed
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/keyPositionType = 0x7f040247
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Large = 0x7f14015c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f07027b
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/fallback_menu_item_open_in_browser = 0x7f130045
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/measureWithLargestChild = 0x7f0402ed
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_firstVerticalBias = 0x7f0401d0
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f140052
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_flat_outline_width = 0x7f070109
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/DrawerLayout = 0x7f150031
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f140180
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemShapeInsetTop = 0x7f04023e
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_track_outline_color = 0x7f0e00ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/behavior_expandedOffset = 0x7f04005c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_tint_default = 0x7f060018
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemShapeInsetEnd = 0x7f04023c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary80 = 0x7f0600e2
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary30 = 0x7f0600f7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialClockStyle = 0x7f0402d4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemShapeAppearance = 0x7f040238
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemRippleColor = 0x7f040237
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/onTouchUp = 0x7f04033d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/filled = 0x7f0a00e4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionModeWebSearchDrawable = 0x7f040020
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/drawableTintMode = 0x7f040176
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_top = 0x7f070188
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_google_play_services_update_button = 0x7f130034
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/direct = 0x7f0a00c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemPadding = 0x7f040234
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f060125
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f08001a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabIconTintMode = 0x7f0403f0
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f1401ee
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_checkbox_button_icon_tint = 0x7f060092
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f0701c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemMinHeight = 0x7f040233
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCalendarMonthNavigationButton = 0x7f0402cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_switch_thumb_tint = 0x7f060281
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/message = 0x7f0a0142
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonGravity = 0x7f040082
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f0e008c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/carousel_touchUp_dampeningFactor = 0x7f04009d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0701b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1403b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/overlapAnchor = 0x7f04033e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled = 0x7f04022e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/m3_tabs_line_indicator = 0x7f0800d8
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/m3_auto_complete_simple_item = 0x7f0d003f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorSwitchThumbNormal = 0x7f040111
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/animateRelativeTo = 0x7f040033
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/notification_small_icon_size_as_large = 0x7f0702d4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/isMaterialTheme = 0x7f040229
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fontFamily = 0x7f0401e2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/verticalOffsetWithText = 0x7f04049d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf = 0x7f04025c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/targetId = 0x7f040409
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/isMaterial3DynamicColorApplied = 0x7f040227
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/insetForeground = 0x7f040225
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/cart_icon = 0x7f08008e
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f0b002e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/textTop = 0x7f0a0208
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_error = 0x7f06026b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0701bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/indicatorSize = 0x7f040223
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/contentPaddingEnd = 0x7f04012b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f1403e8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f140061
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionModeCopyDrawable = 0x7f040016
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_m3_chip_close = 0x7f0800c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Design.Error = 0x7f1401bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCalendarHeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f0402c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintRight_creator = 0x7f040276
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/indicatorColor = 0x7f04021f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/OffWhite = 0x7f060001
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f140037
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_material = 0x7f07002a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_primary40 = 0x7f0601fc
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/percentWidth = 0x7f040353
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/top = 0x7f0a021b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f0700df
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/circularflow_defaultRadius = 0x7f0400c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f0a0159
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/fitEnd = 0x7f0a00e6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/badgeStyle = 0x7f040051
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/bounce = 0x7f0a0074
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_on_surface_disabled = 0x7f06022f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_bar_container = 0x7f0a003c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/imagePanY = 0x7f04021a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_blue_grey_950 = 0x7f0601d8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorControlActivated = 0x7f0400ee
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/circleCrop = 0x7f0400c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/aboutUsDesc = 0x7f0a0014
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_pre_morphing_duration = 0x7f0b0031
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f060260
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/ifTagSet = 0x7f040215
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y1 = 0x7f0701c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f140208
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_subhead_material = 0x7f070069
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/stroke_width = 0x7f0403d8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_collapseMode = 0x7f040257
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_indeterminate = 0x7f13007d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/autoComplete = 0x7f0a0062
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f06022d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/iconifiedByDefault = 0x7f040213
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_optimizationLevel = 0x7f040294
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorSurfaceInverse = 0x7f04010f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_view_content_container = 0x7f0a01b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/behavior_overlapTop = 0x7f040060
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/searchIcon = 0x7f040389
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintDimensionRatio = 0x7f040265
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_multichoice = 0x7f0d0053
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/labelBehavior = 0x7f04024b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary10 = 0x7f0600f4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textInputStyle = 0x7f040443
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/ifTagNotSet = 0x7f040214
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_checked = 0x7f0800eb
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_action_bar_up_description = 0x7f130001
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f070280
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_tint_seek_thumb = 0x7f06001a
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/m3_card_elevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary90 = 0x7f0600e3
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal = 0x7f0800a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOnPrimary = 0x7f0400f8
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/load_gif = 0x7f0800cf
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/iconGravity = 0x7f04020d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f140247
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/iconEndPadding = 0x7f04020c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f070217
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/fallback_menu_item_copy_link = 0x7f130044
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/forgetpass = 0x7f0a00ee
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/contentPaddingTop = 0x7f04012f
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_outline_width = 0x7f070142
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0602a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/browser_actions_divider_color = 0x7f060030
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/aboutUS = 0x7f0a0013
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/homeLayout = 0x7f040207
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark = 0x7f1402b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Design.Snackbar.Message = 0x7f1401c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen = 0x7f07002d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary40 = 0x7f0600eb
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/content = 0x7f040121
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintWidth = 0x7f040282
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f06011d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary30 = 0x7f0600ea
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/hintTextColor = 0x7f040205
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/hintTextAppearance = 0x7f040204
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/endIconMode = 0x7f04018c
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_m3_chip_check = 0x7f0800c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TextButton = 0x7f14027d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOnContainer = 0x7f0400f4
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f0701bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated = 0x7f0402a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cornerSizeTopLeft = 0x7f04013e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/hideMotionSpec = 0x7f0401fe
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f14042f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_cursor_color = 0x7f0601d9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialAlertDialogTitlePanelStyle = 0x7f0402bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/material_ic_edit_black_24dp = 0x7f0800de
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionModeCutDrawable = 0x7f040017
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface = 0x7f06016e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/helperTextTextColor = 0x7f0401fc
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/shapeAppearanceSmallComponent = 0x7f04039b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/helperText = 0x7f0401f9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layoutManager = 0x7f040253
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEasingStandardDecelerateInterpolator = 0x7f040318
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/headerLayout = 0x7f0401f7
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/dashBoard_FL = 0x7f0a00ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/closeIconTint = 0x7f0400db
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/switch_thumb_material_dark = 0x7f0602a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/springDamping = 0x7f0403bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/m3_elevated_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_cursor_width = 0x7f0701f0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/haloColor = 0x7f0401f5
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/clip_horizontal = 0x7f0a0096
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/TextEffects = 0x7f15008e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_navigation_elevation = 0x7f070093
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0700de
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/listPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f0402a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1402e7
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/middle = 0x7f0a0143
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/carousel_firstView = 0x7f040097
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/avd_hide_password = 0x7f08007b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f1400ec
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_drawer_layout_corner_size = 0x7f070182
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/forceDefaultNavigationOnClickListener = 0x7f0401ee
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f140087
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/trackColorActive = 0x7f040483
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_horizontalBias = 0x7f0401d3
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fontWeight = 0x7f0401ec
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/seekBarStyle = 0x7f04038c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorControlHighlight = 0x7f0400ef
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1402ff
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionModeCloseContentDescription = 0x7f040014
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_action_clickable_span = 0x7f0a0016
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary_container = 0x7f060184
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fontVariationSettings = 0x7f0401eb
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_track_color = 0x7f0e009b
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/half_circleright = 0x7f0800b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/foreground_material_light = 0x7f060079
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Surface = 0x7f140377
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/state_above_anchor = 0x7f0403ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/queryBackground = 0x7f04036b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f070108
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fontProviderSystemFontFamily = 0x7f0401e9
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/baloo = 0x7f090001
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_secondary_container = 0x7f060246
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionMode = 0x7f1403cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_1 = 0x7f0b0021
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_lastVerticalBias = 0x7f0401d8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fontProviderQuery = 0x7f0401e8
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_secondary30 = 0x7f060208
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/defaultScrollFlagsEnabled = 0x7f04015a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fontProviderFetchTimeout = 0x7f0401e6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/onCross = 0x7f040337
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/checkedIcon = 0x7f0400a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionText = 0x7f14031d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark = 0x7f06003c
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0061
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height = 0x7f070025
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/side_sheet_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f1300bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/enterAlways = 0x7f0a00db
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/badgeGravity = 0x7f04004f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f060122
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_menu_divider_horizontal_padding = 0x7f07018a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumStyle = 0x7f0400e7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/font = 0x7f0401e1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_cornerSize = 0x7f0702c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_button_outline_width = 0x7f07013d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_tonal_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0601d3
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionBarItemBackground = 0x7f040003
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/thumbTextPadding = 0x7f040458
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_tab_scrollable_min_width = 0x7f0700a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_wrapMode = 0x7f0401e0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dragDirection = 0x7f04016b
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate = 0x7f0800ee
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/panelMenuListWidth = 0x7f04034a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f1401a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/textView2 = 0x7f0a020a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_switch_track_width = 0x7f07016c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_text_size_medium_material = 0x7f070065
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f0600b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_lastHorizontalStyle = 0x7f0401d7
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f0600bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/controlBackground = 0x7f040132
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_horizontalGap = 0x7f0401d4
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_start = 0x7f070187
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/splash = 0x7f0a01dd
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f06025b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/floatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401cd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/floatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/add = 0x7f0a004d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/scrimAnimationDuration = 0x7f040385
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/errorTextAppearance = 0x7f04019b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionBarTheme = 0x7f04000b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable = 0x7f0401bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_ref_typeface_plain_regular = 0x7f0e00c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_19 = 0x7f0a0022
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/snackbarTextViewStyle = 0x7f0403b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_fab_elevation = 0x7f07008d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOnSurfaceInverse = 0x7f0400fe
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f14013a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/paddingRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040344
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_ic_checkbox_unchecked = 0x7f0800f7
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/skipped = 0x7f0a01d2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable = 0x7f0401ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e007e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fastScrollEnabled = 0x7f0401b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/notification_action_icon_size = 0x7f0702c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_dark_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f060051
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f14025b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fabSize = 0x7f0401b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_29 = 0x7f0a002d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_fab_shadow_start_color = 0x7f060069
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_font_2_0_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f0701fb
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_creator = 0x7f04025b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fabCradleMargin = 0x7f0401b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fabAnchorMode = 0x7f0401b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fabAlignmentMode = 0x7f0401b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/drawableStartCompat = 0x7f040174
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_height = 0x7f070081
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/suffixTextColor = 0x7f0403e6
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/packed = 0x7f0a017e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080044
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/extraMultilineHeightEnabled = 0x7f0401af
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/circle_center = 0x7f0a0092
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.DayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f140383
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/design_bottom_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0d0028
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f07009d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorContainer = 0x7f0400ed
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_grey_50 = 0x7f060220
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceListItemSmall = 0x7f040428
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/foregroundInsidePadding = 0x7f0401ef
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/indicatorDirectionLinear = 0x7f040221
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/expandedTitleMargin = 0x7f0401a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_disabled_outline_color = 0x7f0e003b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_z = 0x7f07021c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/checkedIconSize = 0x7f0400ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_morphing = 0x7f1300a9
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_button_container_color = 0x7f0e002d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/errorShown = 0x7f04019a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/boxBackgroundColor = 0x7f040070
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/errorIconTint = 0x7f040198
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/m3_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020011
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/borderlessButtonStyle = 0x7f040069
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/errorEnabled = 0x7f040196
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_tabs_default_indicator = 0x7f080109
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary_container = 0x7f060171
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/icon = 0x7f04020b
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Transition = 0x7f150095
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/keylines = 0x7f040249
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fabAlignmentModeEndMargin = 0x7f0401b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/async = 0x7f0a0060
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_material = 0x7f070040
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/errorAccessibilityLiveRegion = 0x7f040194
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$ic_launcher_foreground__0 = 0x7f080007
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f14028f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle = 0x7f040280
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/iconTintMode = 0x7f040212
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f14019f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/barrierMargin = 0x7f040058
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/match_parent = 0x7f0a012c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/enforceMaterialTheme = 0x7f040190
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout = 0x7f150024
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_search_url_text_pressed = 0x7f060013
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f140252
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/notification_bg_low = 0x7f08010d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0701be
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_view_invisible = 0x7f0b0039
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemIconSize = 0x7f040230
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle = 0x7f04007d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/endIconMinSize = 0x7f04018b
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_clock_black_24dp = 0x7f0800bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f0702b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/layout_emptyList = 0x7f0a011b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/endIconDrawable = 0x7f04018a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary50 = 0x7f0600ec
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDurationMedium3 = 0x7f040308
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/endIconContentDescription = 0x7f040189
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/elevationOverlayColor = 0x7f040184
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/behavior_halfExpandedRatio = 0x7f04005e
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_view_docked_container_shape = 0x7f0e0073
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/editTextColor = 0x7f040180
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dynamicColorThemeOverlay = 0x7f04017e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked = 0x7f080105
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f140113
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/fragment_fast_out_extra_slow_in = 0x7f01001c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/duration = 0x7f04017d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_medium = 0x7f070296
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/small_cicle = 0x7f080124
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/actions = 0x7f0a004b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dropDownListViewStyle = 0x7f04017b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/horizontal_only = 0x7f0a0103
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionProviderClass = 0x7f040023
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_label_padding = 0x7f070085
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialDivider.Heavy = 0x7f140396
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/notification_template_custom_big = 0x7f0d0071
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dividerHorizontal = 0x7f040165
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f1403f4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/recyclerViewStyle = 0x7f040377
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fontProviderAuthority = 0x7f0401e3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2 = 0x7f1401b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_color_highlight_material = 0x7f060008
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintHeight_min = 0x7f04026e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f14022d
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f020018
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/drawableEndCompat = 0x7f040170
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/colorPrimary = 0x7f06003a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material = 0x7f07002b
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_switch_track = 0x7f080107
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_margin = 0x7f07025b
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_outer_merged_animation = 0x7f01000d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_snackbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f07022a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dividerThickness = 0x7f040169
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_m3_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f0800c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/counterTextAppearance = 0x7f040144
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceHeadline3 = 0x7f04041a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_searchbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f07019c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width = 0x7f070026
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/floatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f0401cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f06005f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/counterTextColor = 0x7f040145
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_control_corner_material = 0x7f070034
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/bottomSheetDragHandleStyle = 0x7f04006e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/wrap_content = 0x7f0a023f
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/design_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020002
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled = 0x7f14027b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week_height = 0x7f07023c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/deriveConstraintsFrom = 0x7f04015e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/googleg_standard_color_18 = 0x7f0800b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector_colored = 0x7f060286
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipStyle = 0x7f0400c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f140327
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_textfield_stroke_color = 0x7f0601c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionMenuTextColor = 0x7f040011
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_tertiary10 = 0x7f060212
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1400b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f010011
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_radiobutton_button_tint = 0x7f0600bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_dodgeInsetEdges = 0x7f040287
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal_background = 0x7f0800a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/deltaPolarRadius = 0x7f04015d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/deltaPolarAngle = 0x7f04015c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/masked = 0x7f0a012a
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/defaultState = 0x7f04015b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_tertiary70 = 0x7f060219
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f02001b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintCircle = 0x7f040262
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/drawerLayoutCornerSize = 0x7f040179
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1403bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f140311
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/color_tick = 0x7f040115
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf = 0x7f040267
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f140115
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemShapeInsetStart = 0x7f04023d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1402f2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/defaultQueryHint = 0x7f040159
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_padding = 0x7f0401db
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_height = 0x7f0701ea
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar.Medium = 0x7f140361
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipIconSize = 0x7f0400b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/simpleItems = 0x7f0403ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f060251
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/errorIconDrawable = 0x7f040197
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_progress_track_thickness = 0x7f0702a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f14027e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/lStar = 0x7f04024a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/borderWidth = 0x7f040068
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/customFloatValue = 0x7f04014d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f1400e1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_extra_small = 0x7f07029a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/contentInsetEndWithActions = 0x7f040124
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_small = 0x7f07029c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dayStyle = 0x7f040155
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070124
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_error20 = 0x7f060103
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e0077
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/imageZoom = 0x7f04021c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/scrimBackground = 0x7f040386
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/bounceBoth = 0x7f0a0075
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemMaxLines = 0x7f040232
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipSpacing = 0x7f0400bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/customColorValue = 0x7f04014b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/subtitleTextStyle = 0x7f0403e3
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/startToEnd = 0x7f0a01eb
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/light = 0x7f0a0120
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_bottom_sheet_max_width = 0x7f0701e1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/reverseLayout = 0x7f04037d
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/linear_indeterminate_line2_tail_interpolator = 0x7f010020
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light = 0x7f060005
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1400c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/abc_slide_in_top = 0x7f010007
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.DialogTitle.Icon = 0x7f140140
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/with_icon = 0x7f0a023c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/helperTextTextAppearance = 0x7f0401fb
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/ignore = 0x7f0a0109
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedDecelerateInterpolator = 0x7f040312
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOnSurfaceVariant = 0x7f0400ff
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary60 = 0x7f0600e0
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/block_FL = 0x7f0a006c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/counterOverflowTextColor = 0x7f040143
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_min_width = 0x7f07007e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingStart = 0x7f0402ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonCompat = 0x7f040081
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f070278
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color = 0x7f06006b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f140264
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCalendarFullscreenTheme = 0x7f0402c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_none_family = 0x7f0e00cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceHeadline5 = 0x7f04041c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1402f8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/autoSizeMaxTextSize = 0x7f04003e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/expandedTitleMarginBottom = 0x7f0401a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/exitUntilCollapsed = 0x7f0a00dd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintVertical_weight = 0x7f040281
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cornerSizeBottomLeft = 0x7f04013c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/error_color_material_light = 0x7f060076
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Design = 0x7f140213
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f14014d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f0701d8
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/showHome = 0x7f0a01cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_primary50 = 0x7f06012d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated = 0x7f0402a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cornerSize = 0x7f04013b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cornerFamilyBottomRight = 0x7f040137
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f07021b
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom = 0x7f010002
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_next_black_24dp = 0x7f0800e0
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_primary40 = 0x7f06012c
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_today_description = 0x7f1300a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dividerInsetStart = 0x7f040167
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineMedium = 0x7f04041f
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate = 0x7f130054
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_activitychooserview_choose_application = 0x7f130005
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/contentPaddingStart = 0x7f04012e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/white = 0x7f0602af
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_state_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701db
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/carousel_infinite = 0x7f040099
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/registerBtn = 0x7f0a019b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motion_triggerOnCollision = 0x7f040329
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_view_toolbar_container = 0x7f0a01c3
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/contentInsetRight = 0x7f040126
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/contentInsetStartWithNavigation = 0x7f040128
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_margin = 0x7f07028f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/drawerArrowStyle = 0x7f040178
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/contentInsetStart = 0x7f040127
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDurationShort4 = 0x7f04030d
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_timepicker_pm = 0x7f130070
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/contentInsetLeft = 0x7f040125
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOnTertiaryContainer = 0x7f040101
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f070095
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/contentPadding = 0x7f040129
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f140267
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f1401fb
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_firstVerticalStyle = 0x7f0401d1
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/linear_indeterminate_line2_head_interpolator = 0x7f01001f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/search_view_search_prefix = 0x7f0a01c0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/popupWindowStyle = 0x7f040360
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/horizontalOffset = 0x7f040208
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/spinnerDropDownItemStyle = 0x7f0403b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/constraintSetStart = 0x7f04011d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_efab_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0600aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/keyboardIcon = 0x7f040248
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_primary_inverse = 0x7f060244
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_top = 0x7f0701f9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/menuGravity = 0x7f0402f0
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_14 = 0x7f0a001d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonStyleSmall = 0x7f04008a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f14021d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/color_checked = 0x7f040114
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f14000d
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_btn_check_material_anim = 0x7f08002e
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level5 = 0x7f0701b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemTextColor = 0x7f040245
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionDropDownStyle = 0x7f04000e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/ratingBarStyleSmall = 0x7f040372
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/framePosition = 0x7f0401f0
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0700d1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorSurface = 0x7f04010e
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_menu_presenter = 0x7f0a0046
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu = 0x7f04042d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_on_background_disabled = 0x7f060229
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorSecondary = 0x7f04010b
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/AppBarLayout = 0x7f15000a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialAlertDialogBodyTextStyle = 0x7f0402b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_lines = 0x7f0b002a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f040106
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/time = 0x7f0a0214
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOutlineVariant = 0x7f040103
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/expandedTitleMarginStart = 0x7f0401a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f140347
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemBackground = 0x7f04022b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/contentDescription = 0x7f040122
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cardMaxElevation = 0x7f040091
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_tint_spinner = 0x7f06001b
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_fab_bg_color_selector = 0x7f06026c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/titleTextEllipsize = 0x7f040472
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cardBackgroundColor = 0x7f04008d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_fab_min_touch_target = 0x7f070277
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/expandedTitleGravity = 0x7f0401a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/browser_actions_text_color = 0x7f060031
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_error_container = 0x7f06015f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOnContainerUnchecked = 0x7f0400f5
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0d0050
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dividerColor = 0x7f040164
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_medium = 0x7f060231
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/backgroundTint = 0x7f04004d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f140190
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f0a014e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_secondary100 = 0x7f060206
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/mtrl_linear_out_slow_in = 0x7f0c0011
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceDisplayMedium = 0x7f040416
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_previous_black_24dp = 0x7f0800e1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_card_spacing = 0x7f070260
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/civ_border_overlay = 0x7f0400cd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorPrimaryInverse = 0x7f040107
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_on_primary_disabled = 0x7f06022c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/boxStrokeWidthFocused = 0x7f04007a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/editTextStyle = 0x7f040181
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f1401b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/animateNavigationIcon = 0x7f040032
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constrainedWidth = 0x7f04025a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1400fd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tickVisible = 0x7f040461
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/circularflow_radiusInDP = 0x7f0400ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorAccent = 0x7f0400ea
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_range_selection = 0x7f130084
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tickMark = 0x7f04045e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f14006f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabMode = 0x7f0403fb
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionMenuTextAppearance = 0x7f040010
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/alertTitle = 0x7f0a0050
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionLayout = 0x7f04000f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/color = 0x7f0400e9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f140393
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/viewTransitionOnCross = 0x7f0404a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08006c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f14025c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/boxCollapsedPaddingTop = 0x7f040072
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/expandedTitleTextColor = 0x7f0401a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipGroupStyle = 0x7f0400b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f14009c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/expandedTitleMarginEnd = 0x7f0401a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeStyle = 0x7f0400e5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf = 0x7f040277
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionModeFindDrawable = 0x7f040018
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/m3_appbar_background = 0x7f0800d0
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_action_mode_close_item_material = 0x7f0d0005
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_width = 0x7f070204
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/contentPaddingLeft = 0x7f04012c
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f080008
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/primary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060298
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f1401a4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/collapsedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0400e2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/sawtooth = 0x7f0a01a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010016
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/snackbarStyle = 0x7f0403b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/arc = 0x7f0a005a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/constraintSet = 0x7f04011b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0701cf
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemTextAppearance = 0x7f040242
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOnBackground = 0x7f0400f3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f14012e
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/google_storage_bucket = 0x7f13004c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dragScale = 0x7f04016c
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/fragment_open_exit = 0x7f020008
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long4 = 0x7f0b0016
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_calendar_item_disabled_text = 0x7f06008d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_dark_default_color_error = 0x7f06004d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionOverflowMenuStyle = 0x7f040022
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070172
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOnTertiary = 0x7f040100
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipMinHeight = 0x7f0400b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/civ_border_width = 0x7f0400ce
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f040239
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_searchbar_padding_start = 0x7f07019f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_goneMarginTop = 0x7f040290
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e0067
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemStrokeColor = 0x7f040240
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/closeIconVisible = 0x7f0400dc
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f0701f7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipIconVisible = 0x7f0400b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintCircleRadius = 0x7f040264
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f14021e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemPaddingBottom = 0x7f040235
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/fill_horizontal = 0x7f0a00e2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/hideOnContentScroll = 0x7f040200
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/closeIconSize = 0x7f0400d9
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/transition_scene_layoutid_cache = 0x7f0a0223
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_divider_thickness = 0x7f070240
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_large_family = 0x7f0e00c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/subheaderTextAppearance = 0x7f0403dd
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_timepicker_window_elevation = 0x7f0701df
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/closeIcon = 0x7f0400d6
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/item_view_role_description = 0x7f130050
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cornerFamilyBottomLeft = 0x7f040136
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TitleItem = 0x7f14013f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/cardview_shadow_end_color = 0x7f060038
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f1403c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/rangeFillColor = 0x7f04036f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/BOTTOM_START = 0x7f0a0002
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/m3_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010021
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCalendarHeaderLayout = 0x7f0402c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/clockHandColor = 0x7f0400d3
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f14005d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOnPrimarySurface = 0x7f0400fa
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/warmth = 0x7f0404a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/clearsTag = 0x7f0400d0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/autoSizeTextType = 0x7f040042
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Button = 0x7f140398
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/aboutus = 0x7f080079
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/background_floating_material_light = 0x7f060023
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_maxElementsWrap = 0x7f0401da
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/circularflow_angles = 0x7f0400c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/circularProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0400c6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/circleRadius = 0x7f0400c5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/clickAction = 0x7f0400d1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/rippleColor = 0x7f04037e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Tertiary = 0x7f140372
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f14031a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_left = 0x7f0700f2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.Handle.Shape = 0x7f140155
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_view_tag_bottom_padding = 0x7f0a0162
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f06011f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/home = 0x7f0a0100
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipStartPadding = 0x7f0400bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/fitStart = 0x7f0a00e7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/indicatorDirectionCircular = 0x7f040220
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout = 0x7f140427
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/searchbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f1300ba
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070249
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal_background = 0x7f080098
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.Divider = 0x7f14039b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipIconTint = 0x7f0400b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipIconEnabled = 0x7f0400b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/simpleItemLayout = 0x7f0403aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Popup.Primary = 0x7f1402d0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCardViewElevatedStyle = 0x7f0402cf
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/notification_big_circle_margin = 0x7f0702cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_error100 = 0x7f060102
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f1401d5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/checkedTextViewStyle = 0x7f0400af
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1403d7
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e0078
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationDuration = 0x7f0403f2
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_context_bar = 0x7f0a0042
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_width = 0x7f070191
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary_container = 0x7f06017a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemFillColor = 0x7f04022c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f140076
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/backgroundColor = 0x7f040045
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_chip_dragged_translation_z = 0x7f070102
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f140060
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/mtrl_anchor_parent = 0x7f0a014c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_badge_long_text_horizontal_padding = 0x7f07020c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_divider = 0x7f0a0043
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/checkedIconMargin = 0x7f0400aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_mtrl_checked_circle = 0x7f0800c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_name = 0x7f1300aa
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0701b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/checkedIconEnabled = 0x7f0400a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f0701b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_height = 0x7f07010c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/checkedButton = 0x7f0400a5
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_pressed = 0x7f080106
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/behavior_autoShrink = 0x7f04005a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f140265
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_default_size = 0x7f0700e8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/enforceTextAppearance = 0x7f040191
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/collapsedSize = 0x7f0400e0
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/notification_background = 0x7f0a0173
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorPrimaryContainer = 0x7f040105
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/flow_horizontalStyle = 0x7f0401d5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/checkMarkCompat = 0x7f0400a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_margin = 0x7f0702b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chainUseRtl = 0x7f0400a0
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/favourite_icon = 0x7f0800af
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/alertDialogStyle = 0x7f04002a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/startIconTintMode = 0x7f0403c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_bottom = 0x7f0700c2
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f0601a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/progressBarStyle = 0x7f040367
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/asConfigured = 0x7f0a005f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/CardView.Light = 0x7f14011b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/bottomAppBarStyle = 0x7f04006a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/autoCompleteMode = 0x7f04003b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemShapeFillColor = 0x7f04023a
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableItem = 0x7f150008
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_default = 0x7f0702bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_timepicker_clock_mode_description = 0x7f13006d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/contentInsetEnd = 0x7f040123
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_timepicker_button_ripple_color = 0x7f0601ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionModeTheme = 0x7f04001f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Body.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f14011f
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_tertiary_container = 0x7f06024c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/carousel_forwardTransition = 0x7f040098
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f1403e2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionModeSelectAllDrawable = 0x7f04001b
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f140197
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/material_ic_calendar_black_24dp = 0x7f0800dc
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/numericModifiers = 0x7f040336
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cardPreventCornerOverlap = 0x7f040092
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_grey_800 = 0x7f060222
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/elevationOverlayAccentColor = 0x7f040183
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary = 0x7f060181
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/selection_type = 0x7f0a01c7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOnSecondaryContainer = 0x7f0400fc
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonStyle = 0x7f040089
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/addElevationShadow = 0x7f040027
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonSize = 0x7f040088
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_timepicker_text_input_mode_description = 0x7f130072
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/expandedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0401a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/contrast = 0x7f040131
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/material_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f0701f4
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark = 0x7f060004
app.developer.parkingspaces:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f0c0007
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/mtrl_switch_track_viewport_height = 0x7f0b0035
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/contentPanel = 0x7f0a00a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/fragment_close_enter = 0x7f020003
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonBarStyle = 0x7f040080
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ClockFaceView = 0x7f150021
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f140302
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonIcon = 0x7f040083
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/titleTextColor = 0x7f040471
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/proceedButton = 0x7f0a0193
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemVerticalPadding = 0x7f040246
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/date_picker_actions = 0x7f0a00b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f07002e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_tabs_legacy_text_color_selector = 0x7f060287
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialCalendarMonth = 0x7f0402ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/horizontalOffsetWithText = 0x7f040209
app.developer.parkingspaces:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short2 = 0x7f0b001c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintHeight = 0x7f04026b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_16 = 0x7f0a001f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipStrokeWidth = 0x7f0400c1
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard_light = 0x7f06000a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_size = 0x7f070288
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/boxStrokeWidth = 0x7f040079
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/pathRelative = 0x7f0a0189
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/autoTransition = 0x7f040043
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/boxStrokeColor = 0x7f040077
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomStart = 0x7f040074
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_small_fab_size = 0x7f0701ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/m3_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f07008a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f140245
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/m3_motion_fade_exit = 0x7f010024
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1400f5
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonIconTint = 0x7f040085
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionBarWidgetTheme = 0x7f04000c
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_control_inset_material = 0x7f070035
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/fab_transformation_sheet_behavior = 0x7f130043
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e00a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0081
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_container = 0x7f0a0165
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_navigation_item_ripple_color = 0x7f0600b8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/constraintRotate = 0x7f04011a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_bias = 0x7f040270
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f14005e
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_error_container_color = 0x7f0e0006
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f060064
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/iconSize = 0x7f04020f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/icon_only = 0x7f0a0107
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/viewTransitionOnPositiveCross = 0x7f0404a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f140412
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_star_small = 0x7f070059
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionModeStyle = 0x7f04001e
app.developer.parkingspaces:bool/abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps = 0x7f050001
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_ic_cancel = 0x7f0800f4
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/design_default_color_on_background = 0x7f06005b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/borderRoundPercent = 0x7f040067
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f07017e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_tertiary95 = 0x7f06021c
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f140128
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/withinBounds = 0x7f0a023d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/borderRound = 0x7f040066
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/behavior_saveFlags = 0x7f040062
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorError = 0x7f0400f1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tintNavigationIcon = 0x7f040464
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/accessibility_custom_action_8 = 0x7f0a0035
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/behavior_peekHeight = 0x7f040061
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f140110
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/passwordToggleTint = 0x7f04034e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_tertiary = 0x7f0601b9
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/CardView.Dark = 0x7f14011a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd = 0x7f040073
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/transitionDisable = 0x7f04048e
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Large = 0x7f140163
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/action_bar_title = 0x7f0a0040
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/OnClick = 0x7f15006f
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/abc_popup_exit = 0x7f010004
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/endIconScaleType = 0x7f04018d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineLarge = 0x7f1401cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/button_material_dark = 0x7f060033
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401c9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/altSrc = 0x7f04002f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dividerVertical = 0x7f04016a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleSmall = 0x7f1401e8
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/compress = 0x7f0a009b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/switchTextAppearance = 0x7f0403eb
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipEndPadding = 0x7f0400b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/barrierDirection = 0x7f040057
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/badgeWithTextRadius = 0x7f040054
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/scaleFromTextSize = 0x7f040383
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f140348
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_switch_track_tint = 0x7f060283
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionViewClass = 0x7f040025
app.developer.parkingspaces:menu/bottom_nav_menu = 0x7f0f0000
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintBottom_creator = 0x7f04025f
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/poppins_semibold = 0x7f09000f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/spanCount = 0x7f0403b6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f14024e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f060277
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/state_collapsible = 0x7f0403cc
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked = 0x7f0800e7
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/green = 0x7f06007b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/closeIconStartPadding = 0x7f0400da
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/email_ET = 0x7f0a00d7
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/linear_indeterminate_line1_tail_interpolator = 0x7f01001e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface = 0x7f06019c
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f060123
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f1401b3
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f0600d5
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_year_abbr = 0x7f1300a1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/counterEnabled = 0x7f040140
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f060279
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_assist_chip_stroke_color = 0x7f060087
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/teal_700 = 0x7f0602ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonTint = 0x7f04008b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialSearchViewPrefixStyle = 0x7f0402dd
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchBar.Avatar.Shape = 0x7f140152
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/googlesans_regular = 0x7f090008
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f080030
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dayInvalidStyle = 0x7f040153
app.developer.parkingspaces:array/com_google_android_gms_fonts_certs = 0x7f030000
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f060121
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f140021
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_btn_inset = 0x7f070222
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_medium = 0x7f06022e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/singleChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f0403ae
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialCardView = 0x7f150055
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f140210
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionBarTabBarStyle = 0x7f040008
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/behavior_skipCollapsed = 0x7f040064
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/fitXY = 0x7f0a00e9
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_height = 0x7f070232
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_icon_button_icon_color_selector = 0x7f0600b2
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/behavior_draggable = 0x7f04005b
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/circularflow_defaultAngle = 0x7f0400c8
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/badgeRadius = 0x7f040050
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/MaterialCalendar = 0x7f150053
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/abc_searchview_description_submit = 0x7f130016
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/scrimVisibleHeightTrigger = 0x7f040387
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Design.NoActionBar = 0x7f140218
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/maxButtonHeight = 0x7f0402e6
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_close_circle = 0x7f0800cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_textinput_counter_margin_start = 0x7f0702be
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1402f4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleTextStyle = 0x7f0402bc
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/sin = 0x7f0a01d0
app.developer.parkingspaces:font/poppins_medium = 0x7f09000d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral80 = 0x7f0601e6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/tabBackground = 0x7f0403ec
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionModePasteDrawable = 0x7f040019
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070169
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010027
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEasingEmphasized = 0x7f040310
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f140030
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/alertDialogButtonGroupStyle = 0x7f040028
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f1401a8
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_variant = 0x7f06019d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionModeCloseDrawable = 0x7f040015
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f140069
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorControlNormal = 0x7f0400f0
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopEnd = 0x7f040075
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010015
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_tertiary50 = 0x7f060217
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOnErrorContainer = 0x7f0400f7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/badgeWidePadding = 0x7f040053
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f01000e
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/fragment_fade_enter = 0x7f020005
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/neverCompleteToEnd = 0x7f0a016c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_keyline = 0x7f040292
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification = 0x7f1401b5
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f070281
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/bottomNavigationStyle = 0x7f04006c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/trackColor = 0x7f040482
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_handle_color = 0x7f0e0089
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary = 0x7f06019e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/crossfade = 0x7f040146
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material = 0x7f070023
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Medium = 0x7f140164
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/chipCornerRadius = 0x7f0400b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_error = 0x7f0601a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f140025
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/dialogbgclr = 0x7f060070
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f140334
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f0601f3
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/drawableSize = 0x7f040173
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionPath = 0x7f040323
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionOverflowButtonStyle = 0x7f040021
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/backgroundInsetBottom = 0x7f040046
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier = 0x7f040258
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/helperTextEnabled = 0x7f0401fa
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/strokeColor = 0x7f0403d6
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary = 0x7f0601ab
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionModeSplitBackground = 0x7f04001d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOnSecondary = 0x7f0400fb
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/snap = 0x7f0a01d7
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/logoDescription = 0x7f0402b1
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/maxLines = 0x7f0402ea
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_card_hovered_z = 0x7f0700fd
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintStart_toStartOf = 0x7f04027a
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/abc_fade_out = 0x7f010001
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/itemHorizontalPadding = 0x7f04022d
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f140222
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_on_primary_container = 0x7f06023a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/ensureMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f040192
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/customPixelDimension = 0x7f040150
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_error0 = 0x7f060100
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_action_bottom_padding = 0x7f0700bb
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/iconStartPadding = 0x7f040210
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/animateCircleAngleTo = 0x7f040030
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/design_snackbar_background = 0x7f0800ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/fragment_city_area = 0x7f0d0037
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/multiChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f04032b
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/pass = 0x7f0a0185
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_badge_radius = 0x7f07020d
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/FlowLayout = 0x7f150036
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f14026d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary_container = 0x7f060178
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f1403dd
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/tag_on_apply_window_listener = 0x7f0a01f9
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/endIconCheckable = 0x7f040188
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/quantizeMotionSteps = 0x7f04036a
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070148
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/floatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401c4
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/motion_base = 0x7f0a014b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070044
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/hoveredFocusedTranslationZ = 0x7f04020a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionModeCloseButtonStyle = 0x7f040013
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/checkMarkTintMode = 0x7f0400a3
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorSurfaceVariant = 0x7f040110
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f14032c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionBarDivider = 0x7f040002
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0d0044
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/mtrl_btn_unelevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f020015
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/textinput_counter = 0x7f0a020e
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/listMenuViewStyle = 0x7f0402a6
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown = 0x7f140147
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_top_padding = 0x7f07024d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/backgroundOverlayColorAlpha = 0x7f04004a
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/common_google_play_services_unknown_issue = 0x7f130032
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/buttonTintMode = 0x7f04008c
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/carModelNo = 0x7f0a0084
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/test_level_drawable = 0x7f080126
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/abc_popup_enter = 0x7f010003
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/pivotAnchor = 0x7f040357
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/design_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0d002a
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080045
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/abc_fade_in = 0x7f010000
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEasingDecelerated = 0x7f04030f
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large = 0x7f140103
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/abc_slide_out_bottom = 0x7f010008
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Clock = 0x7f140399
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/compatShadowEnabled = 0x7f040119
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/layout = 0x7f0a011a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionBarTabTextStyle = 0x7f04000a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f14020f
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/m3_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f02000f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/titleTextAppearance = 0x7f040470
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOnError = 0x7f0400f6
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionBarStyle = 0x7f040007
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/civ_circle_background_color = 0x7f0400cf
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/dragLeft = 0x7f0a00cb
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_side_sheet_width = 0x7f0701a7
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/bright_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f06002d
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/ic_back_img = 0x7f0800b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/mtrl_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f020014
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/menu = 0x7f0402ee
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_handle_color = 0x7f0e00ad
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_secondary40 = 0x7f060209
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_harmonized_color_error_container = 0x7f060226
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_secondary50 = 0x7f06020a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f140032
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cardForegroundColor = 0x7f040090
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/arrowHeadLength = 0x7f040038
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0e0060
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f02001a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textInputOutlinedExposedDropdownMenuStyle = 0x7f040441
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f140014
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/actionModePopupWindowStyle = 0x7f04001a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral99 = 0x7f060119
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_collapse_spec = 0x7f02001f
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/fitToContents = 0x7f0a00e8
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/mtrl_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f020017
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ActionBar = 0x7f14026f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/path_percent = 0x7f040351
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/badgeTextColor = 0x7f040052
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_editor_absoluteX = 0x7f040288
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/design_fab_size_normal = 0x7f070090
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/singleLine = 0x7f0403af
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_divider_color = 0x7f0601dc
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/floating = 0x7f0a00ec
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/design_snackbar_in = 0x7f01001a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Assist.Elevated = 0x7f140351
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedAccelerateInterpolator = 0x7f040311
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/design_text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0d0034
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/fragment_fade_exit = 0x7f020006
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/clear_text = 0x7f0a0095
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/divider = 0x7f040163
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_extra_small = 0x7f07029d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/motionDurationMedium2 = 0x7f040307
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cardViewStyle = 0x7f040094
app.developer.parkingspaces:layout/abc_alert_dialog_material = 0x7f0d0009
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/reverseSawtooth = 0x7f0a019c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/cardElevation = 0x7f04008f
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOnPrimaryContainer = 0x7f0400f9
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0a020d
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/behavior_autoHide = 0x7f040059
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/logoAdjustViewBounds = 0x7f0402b0
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_light = 0x7f080053
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Capability = 0x7f150019
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopStart = 0x7f040076
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f140057
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_filled_text_field_disabled_active_indicator_opacity = 0x7f07012a
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/springMass = 0x7f0403bd
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/abc_slide_in_bottom = 0x7f010006
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/Tooltip = 0x7f150093
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/colorOutline = 0x7f040102
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f14019c
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_track_outline_color = 0x7f0e00b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/_100sdp = 0x7f070000
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/textinput_suffix_text = 0x7f0a0213
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/clockFaceBackgroundColor = 0x7f0400d2
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/material_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f130067
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010028
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/mtrl_card_view_foreground = 0x7f060262
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f1403e4
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/m3_side_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010026
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/textAppearanceBody1 = 0x7f04040e
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_timepicker_display_stroke_color = 0x7f0601cf
app.developer.parkingspaces:animator/design_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020000
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle = 0x7f040271
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_left_black_24dp = 0x7f0800df
app.developer.parkingspaces:macro/m3_comp_slider_handle_color = 0x7f0e008b
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_badge_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0700ca
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/errorAccessibilityLabel = 0x7f040193
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/abc_search_url_text = 0x7f060011
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ActivityChooserView = 0x7f150005
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/transitionToEnd = 0x7f0a021e
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/abc_cab_background_internal_bg = 0x7f080039
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f150032
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0701bf
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/contiguous = 0x7f0a00a2
app.developer.parkingspaces:styleable/ActionMenuItemView = 0x7f150002
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/dragThreshold = 0x7f04016d
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f07014d
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f06011a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f140188
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f14007f
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010012
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f0601f0
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f13005a
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_fab_efab_background_color_selector = 0x7f0600ac
app.developer.parkingspaces:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_major = 0x7f07003a
app.developer.parkingspaces:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f140299
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/linear_indeterminate_line1_head_interpolator = 0x7f01001d
app.developer.parkingspaces:id/supportScrollUp = 0x7f0a01f3
app.developer.parkingspaces:array/com_google_android_gms_fonts_certs_dev = 0x7f030001
app.developer.parkingspaces:drawable/notification_bg_low_pressed = 0x7f08010f
app.developer.parkingspaces:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate = 0x7f13005c
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/autoSizePresetSizes = 0x7f040040
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/material_personalized_color_primary = 0x7f060242
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/m3_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010022
app.developer.parkingspaces:color/m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_label_tint = 0x7f0600b4
app.developer.parkingspaces:attr/fabCustomSize = 0x7f0401b7
app.developer.parkingspaces:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000f
